I was digging a hole in the garden when I found some gold coins. 
I was about to run and tell my wife, when I remembered why I was digging a hole in the garden…

I thought opening a door for a lady was good manners, but she just screamed and flew out of the plane.

I was raised as an only child, which I think was hard for my brother.

I bought my blind friend a cheese grater for his birthday.
He later told me it was the most violent book he’d ever read.

My girlfriend dumped me, so I stole her wheelchair. 
Guess who came crawling back?

‘You the bomb.’ ‘No, you the bomb.’
A compliment in the US, an argument in the Middle East. 

Man: How do you prepare your chicken?
Waiter: Nothing special, we just tell them they’re going to die.

My wife left a note on the fridge saying, “this is not working”. 
I don’t know what she’s talking about, the fridge is working fine.  

Option 1: Let’s eat grandma.
Option 2: Let’s eat, grandma.
There you have it. Proof that punctuation saves lives.

Son: Dad, if I told you I was gay, would you still love me?
Dad: Don’t be silly son, you were an accident. I never loved you in the first place.

My girlfriend’s dog died, so I bought her another, identical one.
She just screamed at me and said: “What am I meant to do with two dead dogs?!?”

Son: How do stars die?
Dad: An overdose, usually. 

Wife: I’m pregnant.
Husband: Hi pregnant, I’m dad.
Wife: No, you’re not.
My therapist said time heals all wounds. So I stabbed her.

Every time my grandmother and I were at a wedding she’d say: “you’re next”. So I started saying the same thing to her at funerals.

I went to visit my childhood home, but the people who lived there wouldn’t let me in. My parents are the worst.

Jokes about ISIS are all about the execution. 

Welcome to Plastic Surgery Anonymous. Nice to see so many new faces.

Sex is like air. It only matters if you aren’t getting any.

If you think I would joke about Alzheimer’s, forget it. 

Stop elephant poaching. Everyone knows the best way to eat an elephant is grilled. 

I tried to warn my son about playing Russian roulette. It went in one ear and out the other.

I’ll never forget my dad’s last words. “Erase my search history, son.”

Doctor: “You’ll be at peace soon”
Man: “Am I dying?”
Doctor: “No, your wife is”

If someone burns to death, do they get a discount at the crematorium?

My wife says sex is even better on holiday. I wish she didn’t tell me via email.

I just came across my wife’s Tinder profile and I’m so angry about her lies. She is not “fun to be around”.

Top tip: If your wife says: “what would you most like to do to my body?”, “identify it” is the wrong answer.

Did you hear the joke about the baby with cancer? It never gets old.

Life is like a box of chocolates. It doesn’t last long for fat people.

One man’s trash is another man’s treasure.
Lovely saying. Terrible way to find out you’re adopted.

I read a book about an immortal dog. It was impossible to put down. 

You don’t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need a parachute to go skydiving more than once.

My grief counsellor died.
He was so good, I don’t even care.

Don’t challenge Death to a pillow fight.
Unless you’re prepared for the reaper cushions.

My dad died when we couldn’t remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting for us to “be positive,” but it’s hard without him.

Why did the man miss the funeral?
He wasn’t a mourning person

Priest: “Do you have any last requests?”
Murderer sitting in the electric chair: “Yes. Can you please hold my hand?”

Tombstone engraving: I TOLD you I was sick!

I hope death is a woman.
That way it will never come for me. (ref)

Give a man a match, and he’ll be warm for a few hours.
Set him on fire, and he will be warm for the rest of his life.

Dentist: “This will hurt a little.”
Patient: “OK.”
Dentist: “I’m having an affair with your wife.”

Man: “Where exactly are you taking me, doctor?”
Doctor: “To the morgue.”
Man: “What? But I’m not dead yet!”
Doctor: “And we’re not there yet.”

Patient: Oh doctor, I’m just so nervous. This is my first operation.
Doctor: Don’t worry. Mine too.

The doctor gave me one year to live, so I shot him. The judge gave me 15 years. Problem solved.

Patient: Oh Doctor, I’m starting to forget things.
Doctor: Since when have you had this condition?
Patient: What condition?

Man with cancer: “How much time do I have left?”
Doctor: “Ten”
Man with cancer: “Months? Weeks? Days?”
“… Nine. Eight …”

It’s sad how my friend was struck from the medical register for sleeping with a patient.
He was a great vet.

My grandfather said my generation relies too much on technology. So I unplugged his life support. (ref)

What is the worst combination of illnesses?
Alzheimer’s and diarrhea. You’re running, but can’t remember where.

How many emo kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
None, they all sit in the dark and cry.

I have many jokes about unemployed people, sadly none of them work.

Why can’t you get a book on how to commit suicide at a library?
Because you wouldn’t bring it back

Shout out to my grandma since that’s the only way she can hear you.

What do you call a man who cries while he pleasures himself?
A tearjerker.

What makes sad people jump?
Bridges.

You’re not completely useless.
You can always be used as a bad example.

How do you know you’re ugly?
If you always get handed the camera for group photos.

Why can’t Michael Jackson go within 500 metres of a school?
Because he’s dead

A man and a woman are walking through the woods at night when the woman says “I’m scared”.
“How do you think I feel?” The man replies. “I have to walk back alone.”

What’s the difference between a Lamborghini and a dead body?
I don’t have a Lamborghini in my garage

Grandma: Most people your age are married by now, why aren’t you?
Me: Most people your age are dead by now, why aren’t you?

Sorry, what’s the quickest way to get to the hospital?
Just stand in the middle of a busy road.

What’s the difference between me and cancer?
My dad didn’t beat cancer

What’s the best part about turning 60?
No more calls from life insurance salesmen.

My grandpa has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.

What’s the difference between a baby and a potato. About 140 calories. 

What’s the special in a restaurant for cannibals?
Heads, shoulders, knees and toes

In New York, someone gets mugged every ten seconds.
Poor guy. 

I had a crush on my teacher, which was confusing, because I was homeschooled.

Why is it that if you donate a kidney, people love you.
But if you donate five kidneys, they call the police. 

Son: “Dad, did you get the results of the DNA test back?”
Dad: “Call me George.”

Life is like a peepee
It’s often hard for no reason

Where did Sharon go during the bombing?
Everywhere

Dark humor is like food
Not everyone gets it 

A child molester and a priest walk into a bar.
He orders a drink. 

Even people who are good for nothing have the capacity to bring a smile to your face, for instance when you push them down the stairs.

For Sale: Parachute. Used once, never opened, small stain.

Why don’t cannibals eat comedians?
Because they taste funny!

Why did the old man fall in the well?
Because he couldn’t see that well.

When does a joke become a dad joke?
When it leaves and never comes back

Why did two Asian parents have an Asian baby?
Because two wongs don’t make a white

I childproofed my house
Somehow they still got in!

My wife and I have decided we don’t want children.
The only problem is we already have three. 

Wife: “I want another baby”
Husband: “That’s a relief, I also really don’t like this one”

“Madam, your son just called me ugly!”
“I’m so sorry, I must have told him like a thousand times it’s wrong to judge people on their looks…”

What do you call people who use the rhythm method of contraception?
Parents. 

My grandfather was the type of person who never threw anything away
He died in World War II holding on to a hand grenade

My grandparents fought during World War II.
They ended up getting a divorce.

My grandfather lost his tongue during WW2
He never talks about it.

Why did everyone want to go to Italy during World War II?
They were Fascistanating

What did the German Shepherd say at his Nuremberg trial? “I was just following odors.”

Last week a girl asked me for sex. I had to disappoint her… so I said yes.

The couple next door recently made a sex tape. They just don’t know it yet.

I went to a meeting yesterday at my premature ejaculators’ support group. Turns out it’s tomorrow.

I saw a dildo for sale described as “nine inches long and realistic.” I thought: Which is it?

Last time a woman saw me naked for the first time, she screamed and ran out of the park.

What’s the difference between love and herpes? — Love doesn’t last forever.

The first time I had sex, I kept the receipt.

Governments are only legalizing gay marriage so they stop having sex.

My mother-in-law would have been on one of the planes that crashed on 9/11. Had I known in advance, I would have bought her the ticket.

Husband: “Fancy a quickie.” Wife: “As opposed to what?”

Google is a woman because it doesn’t let you finish a sentence before it makes suggestions.

When the Vikings invaded Britain, they shouted, “R#pe and pillage!” When they stormed English towns, they shouted, “R#pe and pillage!” And when the English women rushed to greet them, they shouted “… Pillage!”

My ex-girlfriend used to own a parrot. That thing never shut up… but the parrot was cool.

I don’t have a girlfriend, but I do know a woman who’d be mad at me for saying that.

A common male fantasy is to have two women at the same time; one to cook, one to clean.

What’s the secret to a happy marriage? — … Exactly!

A man is only as old as the woman he feels.

“I am” is supposedly the shortest sentence in the English language. “I do” is the longest sentence.

I refuse to buy love, but I do pay heavily for it.

My grief counselor died last week. She was so good, I don’t even care.

I lost my job as a zookeeper. There were signs everywhere that said, “Do not feed the animals,” so I didn’t. 

My girlfriend’s dog died, so I got her an identical one. Now she has two dead dogs.

Just saw two zombies on a date… and they say romance is dead.

I got a parrot, but it couldn’t say “I’m hungry,” so it died.

My Grandpa complained, “Your generation is hooked on technology!” I replied, “No, Pops, it’s YOUR generation that’s hooked!” Then I unplugged his life support.

If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving definitely isn’t for you.

How young can you die of old age? What’s the cut off?

Why don’t orphans play baseball? — Because they don’t know where home is.

Why are people in wheelchairs always picked on? — Because they can’t stand up for themselves.

The best thing about taking a homeless person on a date is you can drop them off anywhere.

I don’t know why blind people get so upset by my jokes. I don’t see deaf people complaining…. Come to think of it, blind people don’t see deaf people complaining, either. 

When my girlfriend dumped me, I stole her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back?

My uncle runs a summer camp for kids about to get abused.

The problem I had with church was all the standing up, sitting down, kneeling… I wish the priest could just make up his mind and get it over with.

At least child abductors don’t drive fast through school zones.

What part of a vegetable can’t you eat? — The life support system, especially if it’s gone off.

What’s the difference between dark humor and morbid humor? — Morbid humor is one kid in ten containers, and dark humor is the same, but the kid is still alive… just.

99% of women kiss with their eyes closed. Which is why it’s so difficult to identify a r#pist. (ref)

I went to the cinema. It said adults; $5. Children; $2.50. So, I said, “Alright, give me two girls and a boy.”

What did the female suicide bomber ask her boyfriend? — “Do these explosives make my ass look big?”

I used to have a twin brother. My parents used him for spare parts. I look good, right?

I have a friend who is an out-of-work dwarf. He is really struggling to put food on the table.

What did the oven say to the chicken?
“I can’t wait to have you inside me.”

What do alcoholics and amputees have in common?
They are both legless

What is my favourite thing about my grandpa?
His life insurance

Why do men find it so difficult to solve puzzles after taking Viagra?
Because they just keep getting harder and harder

What is the difference between my girlfriend and an umbrella?
Only one of them ever gets wet

What do 15-year-old boys and washing machines have in common?
They both like keeping one sock for themselves

At what point does a joke become a dad joke?
When it disappears and never returns home

What do you get if you cross a loaf of bread with a vagina?
A yeast infection

“Why is my sister named Rose?” asked the boy. “Because your mum loves roses. You knew that already that, Cocaine.” Replied the dad.

What do you call a paraplegic stuck in a tower?
In trouble

Today was a really bad day. My mother-in-law was hit by a cab AND I lost my job as a cab driver!

What is the difference between onions and my dead grandma?
I cried when I cut up the onions

Whats do Americans and stars have in common?
They both love shooting up

How do you know where COVID-19 is manufactured?
It will have a sticker on the bottom saying “Made in China”

How do you know if you’ve walked into a sex addicts counselling session?
The psychologist will thank you for coming

What do you get when you cross a duck with Kurt Cobain?
An overdose on quack

What goes in dry and hard and exits soft and wet?
Bubble gum

Why do my boyfriend and instant noodles have in common? 
They’re both done in two minutes

How do you know if a fisherman is single?
He’ll be a Master Baiter

What do KFC and a brothel have in common?
They’re both full of greasy chicks

How come Santa Claus is always so frustrated with Mrs Claus?
Because he only comes once a year

What is the best joke of all time?
Feminism

What do you call a prawn that loves smoking cannabis?
Seafood marijuana

What are a terrorists favourite cartoon to watch at night? 
Osamas in pyjamas

What is the difference between a puppy farm and a rubbish dump?
A puppy farm has more litter

What did the spider say to the toilet?
Oh my god, you scared the shit out of me!

Why are obese jokes so offensive?
Because fat people have enough on their plate

What do you throw a racist when he’s drowning?
His wife and kids

Who is Bill Cosby’s favourite Disney princess?
Sleeping Beauty

What do you call an Australian visiting the UK on holiday?
Returning to the scene of the crime.

Why are carpenters never horny after work?
Because they’ve already spent all day getting hammered and nailing things

What is the worst thing your sibling can steal from you?
Your virginity

What got four legs and a hand?
A lion in a daycare centre

What is the difference between $50 and my kid?
I care when I lose the money

How do you know when the dishwasher has stopped working?
She’ll be sleeping next to you

What do you do if you see a car accident?
Laugh

How many rabbits does it take to keep warm?
It depends on how big their skins are

What is worse than seeing your sibling drown?
Getting the water bill 

What is the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus?
You’ll only need a single nail to hang the picture frame-up 

What do gay men and drug dealers have in common?
They both get a lot of crack

Why does your grandma like gardening so much?
Because she loves getting dirty down on her knees

How is a sibling-like a laxative?
They both give you the shits

Why do chipmunks make great girlfriends?
Because they’re used to eating nuts

What do your husband and my kids have in common?
They’ve all seen my boobs

What is the difference between a remote and a G-spot?
My husband will actually look for a remote

Why do women rarely become copywriters?
Because there are just too many periods.

What do you call Snoop Dogg in a hot air balloon?
Higher than usual

Where can you never take an orphan for dinner?
A family restaurant

Why do cats make the perfect animal for experimentation? 
Because they have nine lives

Why do nerds like playing tennis? 
Because it’s the only love they get