Yo mamma so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her...
Yo mamma so fat, she wore a X t-shirt, and a helicopter landed on her
Yo mamma so skinny, she hang glides with a Dorito
Yo mamma so stupid, she thinks hamburger helper comes with another person
Yo mamma so stupid, she thinks menopause is a button
Yo momma aint so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!
Yo momma arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo momma breath smell so bad when she yawns her teeth duck.
Yo momma cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
Yo momma feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates!
Yo momma got a bald head with a part and sideburns.
Yo momma got a metal afro with rusty sideburns.
Yo momma got a wooden leg with a kickstand on it.
Yo momma got a wooden leg with branches.
Yo momma got a' afro, wit' a chin strap!!!!
Yo momma got so many freckles she looks like a hamburger!
Yo momma got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tounge is in jail.
Yo momma got three fingers and a banjo.
Yo momma got two wooden legs and one is one backward.
Yo momma gums are so black she spits Yoo-hoo.
Yo momma hair so nappy she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
Yo momma hair so short she curls it with rice.
Yo momma hair so short when she braided it they looked like stiches.
Yo momma has 10 fingers--all on the same hand.
Yo momma has 4 eyes and 2 pair of sunglasses.
Yo momma has a 'fro with warning lights.
Yo momma has a glass eye with a fish in it.
Yo momma has a short arm and can't applaude.
Yo momma has a short leg and walks in circles.
Yo momma has a wooden afro with an "X" carved in the back.
Yo momma has an afro with a chin strap.
Yo momma has green hair and thinks she's a tree.
Yo momma has one ear and has to take off her hat to hear what you're saying.
Yo momma has one hand and a Clapper.
Yo momma has one leg and a bicycle.
Yo momma has so much hair on her upper lip, she braids it.
Yo momma head so big it shows up on radar.
Yo momma head so big she has to step into her shirts.
Yo momma head so small she use a tea-bag as a pillow.
Yo momma head so small that she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo momma hips are so big, people set their drinks on them.
Yo momma house so dirty roaches ride around on dune buggies!
Yo momma house so dirty she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside.
Yo momma house so small she has to go outside to eat a large pizza.
Yo momma house so small that when she orders a large pizza she had to go outside to eat it.
Yo momma house so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yo momma in a wheelchair and says, "You ain't gonna puch me 'round no more."
Yo momma is missing a finger and can't count past 9.
Yo momma like Domino's pizza-- Something for nothing
Yo momma like Orange Crush: "Good Vibrations!"
Yo momma like a T.V. set, even a three year old can turn her on!
Yo momma like a Toyota: "Oh what a feelin'!"
Yo momma like a bowling ball.  She's picked up, fingered, and then thrown in the gutter.
Yo momma like a bubble-gum machine... five cents a blow.
Yo momma like a bus, fifty cents and she's ready to ride!
Yo momma like a bus:  Guys climb on and off her all day long.
Yo momma like a doorknob - everyone gets a turn!
Yo momma like a doorknob, everyone gets a turn!
Yo momma like a golf course, everyone GETS a hole in one!
Yo momma like a hardware store: 4 cents a screw!
Yo momma like a refridgerator: everyone likes to put their meat in her!
Yo momma like a rifle... four cocks and she's loaded.
Yo momma like a screen door, after a couple bangs she tends to loosen up! 
Yo momma like a shotgun: one cock and she blows!
Yo momma like a tomato source bottle, everyone gets a squeeze out of her!
Yo momma like a vaccuum cleaner.....a real good suck.
Yo momma like cake mix, 15 servings per package!
Yo momma like chinese food:  sweet, sour and cheap!
Yo momma like potato chips-- Fri-to Lay
Yo momma like the pillbury doughboy - everyone gets a poke!
Yo momma like the railway system, she gets laid all over the country!
Yo momma lips so big, Chap Stick had to invent a spray.
Yo momma middle name is Rambo.
Yo momma mouth so big, she speaks in surround sound.
Yo momma nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
Yo momma nose so big you can go bowling with her boogers!
Yo momma rouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
Yo momma so bald even a wig wouldn't help!
Yo momma so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed.
Yo momma so bald you can see whats on her mind
Yo momma so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
Yo momma so dark she has to wear white gloves when she eats Tootsie Rolls to keep from eating her fingers.
Yo momma so dark she spits chocolate milk!
Yo momma so dark she went to night school and was marked absent!
Yo momma so dark she went to night school and was marked absent.
Yo momma so dark that she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
Yo momma so dirty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo momma so fat God couldn't light Earth till she moved!
Yo momma so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the bitches good side!
Yo momma so fat I tried to drive around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo momma so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
Yo momma so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo momma so fat even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo momma so fat everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo momma so fat her college graduation picture was an airial.
Yo momma so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
Yo momma so fat her neck looks like a pair of hot dogs!
Yo momma so fat her nickname is "DAMN"
Yo momma so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass
Yo momma so fat people jog around her for exercise
Yo momma so fat sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy fell out.
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy poured out
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg, and gravy poured out!
Yo momma so fat she cant reach her back pocket.
Yo momma so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo momma so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon!
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it!
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo momma so fat she goes to a resturant, looks at the menu and says "okay!"
Yo momma so fat she got hit by a parked car! 
Yo momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Yo momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway!
Yo momma so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
Yo momma so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Yo momma so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans!
Yo momma so fat she has a wooden leg with a kickstand!
Yo momma so fat she has been declared a natural habitat for Condors
Yo momma so fat she has to buy two airline tickets.
Yo momma so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway.
Yo momma so fat she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
Yo momma so fat she hoola-hooped the super bowl.
Yo momma so fat she influences the tides.
Yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
Yo momma so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck!
Yo momma so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo momma so fat she lay on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy
Yo momma so fat she lays on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water
Yo momma so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops.
Yo momma so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
Yo momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Yo momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo momma so fat she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist they spelled out boulevard.
Yo momma so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar!
Yo momma so fat she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out George Washington's nose.
Yo momma so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of george washington's nose.
Yo momma so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo momma so fat she stands in two time zones.
Yo momma so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo momma so fat she steps on a scale & it goes one at a time please
Yo momma so fat she uses a mattress for a tampon.
Yo momma so fat she uses redwoods to pick her teeth
Yo momma so fat she wakes up in sections!
Yo momma so fat she was baptised in the ocean.
Yo momma so fat she was baptized at Marine World.
Yo momma so fat she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for then new world
Yo momma so fat she was mistaken for God's bowling ball!
Yo momma so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
Yo momma so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo momma so fat she's got her own area code!
Yo momma so fat she's got more Chins than a Hong Kong phone book!
Yo momma so fat she's on both sides of the family!
Yo momma so fat shes on both sides of the family.
Yo momma so fat that her senior pictures had to be arial views!
Yo momma so fat that she cant tie her own shoes.
Yo momma so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the  bike across the moon, the bitch caused an eclipse.
Yo momma so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo momma so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips!
Yo momma so fat that when she sits on the beach, Greenpeace shows up and tries to tow her back into the ocean.....
Yo momma so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo momma so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her
Yo momma so fat the National Weather Agency has to assign names to her farts!!!
Yo momma so fat the animals at the zoo feed her.
Yo momma so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn"
Yo momma so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures
Yo momma so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo momma so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it.
Yo momma so fat they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping
Yo momma so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet.
Yo momma so fat were in her right now
Yo momma so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
Yo momma so fat when she back up she beep.
Yo momma so fat when she bungee jumps she pulls down the bridge too
Yo momma so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Yo momma so fat when she bunje jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo momma so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo momma so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock.
Yo momma so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
Yo momma so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"
Yo momma so fat when she has sex, she has to give directions!
Yo momma so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!!
Yo momma so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
Yo momma so fat when she plays hopscotch, she goes New York, L.A.,  Chicago...
Yo momma so fat when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearin tights!
Yo momma so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
Yo momma so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo momma so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow!
Yo momma so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please"
Yo momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave she landed on 12th
Yo momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Yo momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi!"
Yo momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Yo momma so fat when she wears one of those X jackets, helicopters try to land on her back!
Yo momma so fat when the bitch goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo momma so fat when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
Yo momma so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop!
Yo momma so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo momma so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
Yo momma so fat you have to roll her ass in flour and look for the wet spot to fuck her!
Yo momma so flat she's jealous of the wall!
Yo momma so greasy Texaco buys Oil from her
Yo momma so greasy she sweats Crisco!
Yo momma so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid!
Yo momma so hairy Bigfoot is taking her picture!
Yo momma so hairy she look like she got Buchwheat in a headlock.
Yo momma so hairy she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Yo momma so hairy she's got afros on her nipples!
Yo momma so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!
Yo momma so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
Yo momma so nasty I called her for phone sex and she gave me an ear infection.
Yo momma so nasty Ozzie Ozbourne refused to bite her head off
Yo momma so nasty She gotta put ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh!
Yo momma so nasty she brings crabs to the beach
Yo momma so nasty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo momma so nasty she made right guard turn left.
Yo momma so nasty she made speed stick slow down.
Yo momma so nasty that her shit is glad to escape.
Yo momma so nasty that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh.
Yo momma so nasty the fishery be paying her to leave
Yo momma so nasty when she goes to a hair salon, she told the stylist to cut her hair and she opened up her shirt
Yo momma so old I told her to act her own age, and the bitch died.
Yo momma so old and stupid she knew the Virgin Mary when she was 10 and said, "Li'l Mary will never amount to anything".
Yo momma so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo momma so old her birth certificate says expired on it.
Yo momma so old her social security number is 1!
Yo momma so old she has Jesus' beeper number!
Yo momma so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo momma so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo momma so old she owes Jesus 3 bucks!
Yo momma so old she owes Jesus a nickel.
Yo momma so old she ran track with dinosaurs.
Yo momma so old she sat behind Jesus in the third grade.
Yo momma so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo momma so old she's in Jesus's yearbook!
Yo momma so old that when God said let the be light, she hit the switch'
Yo momma so old that when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo momma so old when God said "Let their be light", she flipped the switch.
Yo momma so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp.
Yo momma so poor she can't afford to pay attention!
Yo momma so poor she drives a peanut.
Yo momma so poor she goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick other people's fingers.
Yo momma so poor she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags.  I said, "What ya doin'?" She said, "Buying luggage."
Yo momma so poor she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
Yo momma so poor she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
Yo momma so poor when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush!
Yo momma so poor when I ring the doorbell she says,"DING!"
Yo momma so poor when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Yo momma so poor when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers!!!
Yo momma so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo momma so short she can play handball on the curb.
Yo momma so short she does backflips under the bed.
Yo momma so short she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
Yo momma so short she models for trophys.
Yo momma so short she poses for trophies!
Yo momma so short you can see her feet on her drivers lisence!
Yo momma so skinny she has to wear a belt with spandex.
Yo momma so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio
Yo momma so skinny she turned sideways and dissapeared.
Yo momma so slutty I fucked her and I's a chick!
Yo momma so slutty she blind and seeing another man.
Yo momma so slutty she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch ball!
Yo momma so slutty she could suck-start a Harley!
Yo momma so slutty she had her own "Hands across her ass" charity drive
Yo momma so slutty she was on the cover of wheaties, with her legs open, and it said "breakfast of the champs" 
Yo momma so slutty that I could've been your daddy, but the guy in line behind me had the correct change.
Yo momma so slutty that when she heard Santa Claus say HO HO HO she thought she was getting it three times.
Yo momma so slutty when she got a new mini skirt, everyone commented on her nice belt!
Yo momma so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes!
Yo momma so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo momma so stupid she asked you "What is the number for 911"
Yo momma so stupid she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
Yo momma so stupid she bought a videocamera to record cable tv shows at home.
Yo momma so stupid she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
Yo momma so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo momma so stupid she got stabbed in a shoot out.
Yo momma so stupid she hears it's chilly outside so she gets a bowl
Yo momma so stupid she jumped out the window and went up.
Yo momma so stupid she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Yo momma so stupid she put lipstick on her forehead, talking about she was trying to makeup her mind.
Yo momma so stupid she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
Yo momma so stupid she sits on the TV, and watches the couch!
Yo momma so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money!
Yo momma so stupid she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Yo momma so stupid she stole free bread.
Yo momma so stupid she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds!
Yo momma so stupid she thinks a quarterbacks a refund!
Yo momma so stupid she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Yo momma so stupid she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
Yo momma so stupid she told everyone that she was "illegitiment" because she couldn't read
Yo momma so stupid she took a cup to see Juice.
Yo momma so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo momma so stupid she took a spoon to the superbowl.
Yo momma so stupid she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
Yo momma so stupid she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
Yo momma so stupid she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
Yo momma so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
Yo momma so stupid that she sold the car for gas money.
Yo momma so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Yo momma so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
Yo momma so stupid that under "Education" on her job apllication, she put "Hooked on Phonics."
Yo momma so stupid was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
Yo momma so stupid when asked on an application, "Sex?", she marked, "M, F and sometimes Wednesday too."
Yo momma so stupid when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "O.K."
Yo momma so stupid when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign, she went home and got 16 friends
Yo momma so stupid when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
Yo momma so stupid when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
Yo momma so stupid when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon
Yo momma so stupid you have to dig for her IQ!
Yo momma so supid she could trip over a cordless phone!
Yo momma so tall she did a back-flip and kicked Jesus in the mouth.
Yo momma so tall she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida.
Yo momma so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Yo momma so ugly I heard that your dad first met her at the pound.
Yo momma so ugly Ted Dansen wouldn't date her!
Yo momma so ugly The NHL banned her for life
Yo momma so ugly even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo momma so ugly for Halloween she trick or treats on the phone!
Yo momma so ugly her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Yo momma so ugly her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dogs to play with her.
Yo momma so ugly if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects!
Yo momma so ugly instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle, they put it around her neck
Yo momma so ugly just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo momma so ugly people go as her for Halloween.
Yo momma so ugly she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween!
Yo momma so ugly she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Yo momma so ugly she had to get her baby drunk to breastfeed it!
Yo momma so ugly she looks out the window and gets arrested!
Yo momma so ugly she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo momma so ugly she made an onion cry!
Yo momma so ugly she made an onion cry.
Yo momma so ugly she scares the roaches away.
Yo momma so ugly she tried to take a bath the water jumped out!
Yo momma so ugly she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo momma so ugly that if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects.
Yo momma so ugly that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Yo momma so ugly that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo momma so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Yo momma so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo momma so ugly they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Star Wars.
Yo momma so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Yo momma so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower!
Yo momma so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints
Yo momma so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
Yo momma so ugly they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo momma so ugly they put her in dough and made monster cookies!
Yo momma so ugly we have to tie a steak around your neck so the dog will play with her!
Yo momma so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo momma so ugly when she walks down the street in September, people say "Damn, is it Halloween already?"
Yo momma so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras
Yo momma so ugly when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours. . .for a quote!
Yo momma so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on.
Yo momma teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.
Yo momma teeth are so yellow she spits butter!
Yo momma teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles!
Yo momma twice the man you are.
Yo momma wears knee-pads and yells "Curb Service!"
Yo momma's glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
Yo momma's glasses are so thick that when she looks on a map she can see people waving.
Yo momma's glasses are so thick, she could read my mind!
Yo' daddy has to stick his d*ck in the freezer to get hard!
Yo' daddy suffers from d*ck-do disease...his stomach hangs out farther than his d*ck do!
Yo' daddy's d*ck is so small, he makes yo' momma look hung!
Yo' daddy's d*ck is so small, he'd been f*cking yo' momma for an hour and she asked if it was in yet.
Yo' daddy's like an arcade game, give him a quarter, and you can play with his joystick!
Yo' daddy's like cement, takes him two days to get hard!
Yo' daddy's so fat, even his dick has rolls!
Yo' daddy's so lame, when his wife says, "Give me ten inches and make it hurt!" he does her three times and puts a vice on her head!
Yo' daddy's so ugly, his own hand turns him down!
Yo' daddy's so ugly, that's not a receding hair line, that's his hair running away from his face!
Yo' family's so dark, when they hold hands, they look like a stretch limo!
Yo' momma ain't got no arms, talkin' 'bout "I'm hangin' in there!"
Yo' momma ain't got no ears, talkin' 'bout "I hear ya!"
Yo' momma ain't got no eyes, talkin' 'bout "I see what you mean!"
Yo' momma ain't got no fingers, talking about how she's pressing charges!
Yo' momma ain't got no legs, talkin' 'bout how she's gonna run for president!
Yo' momma ain't got no legs, talkin' 'bout how she's running things!
Yo' momma ain't so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!
Yo' momma got a bald head with a part and sideburns!
Yo' momma got a metal afro with rusty sideburns!
Yo' momma got a wooden leg with a real foot!
Yo' momma got a wooden leg with branches!
Yo' momma got so many teeth missing it looks like her tongue is in jail!
Yo' momma got three teeth...one in her mouth and two in her pocket!
Yo' momma got two wooden legs and one is on backward!
Yo' momma has a `fro with landing lights!
Yo' momma has a glass eye with a fish in it!
Yo' momma has a short leg and walks in circles!
Yo' momma has a wooden afro with an 'X' carved in the back!
Yo' momma has an afro with a chin strap!
Yo' momma has four eyes and two pairs of sunglasses!
Yo' momma has green hair and thinks she's a tree!
Yo' momma has no neck and says "I'm the head of this family!" 
Yo' momma has one arm and when she fights, the announcer says, "She throws a right, a right, and another right!"
Yo' momma has one leg and says "I'll kick yo' ass!" 
Yo' momma has so much wax in her ears, I stuck a Q-Tip in and pulled out a crayon!
Yo' momma has ten fingers - all on the same hand!
Yo' momma is so bad, when she got called for jury duty, she was found guilty!
Yo' momma is so fat, when she sits in a chair, the rolls on her legs cover her feet like a blanket!
Yo' momma is so fat, when she walks down the street in a green dress, everybody yells, "Run for your lives!  It's GODZILLA!"
Yo' momma is so ugly, her face could stop a sun dial!
Yo' momma is so ugly, her face is registered as a biological weapon!
Yo' momma lost at hide n' seek when I spotted her behind the Himalayas!
Yo' momma reminds me of a toilet: short, white, and smells like sh*t!
Yo' momma sits in a wheelchair and says "I ain't gonna stand for this!"
Yo' momma talks on the phone so much, it's even busy when I dial the wrong number!    
Yo' momma threw a frisbee three weeks ago that hasn't landed yet!
Yo' momma was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags.  I said, "What ya  doin'?"  She said, "Buying luggage!"
Yo' momma' so fat, she's moving the Earth out of its orbit!
Yo' momma's arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear!
Yo' momma's blind and seeing another man!
Yo' momma's brain is so small, if I took it and rolled it down the edge of a razor blade, it would be like a lone car going down a six lane highway!
Yo' momma's brain is so small, if you stuffed it up an ant's butt, it would still rattle like a BB in a tin can!
Yo' momma's brain is so small, quarks beat up on it!
Yo' momma's breasts are so square, the milk comes out in cartons!
Yo' momma's breath is so bad, her mouth needs odor eaters!
Yo' momma's breath is so bad, people on the phone hang up!
Yo' momma's breath is so bad, we don't know whether she needs gum or toilet paper!
Yo' momma's breath is so bad, when she talks, her nose hairs fall out!
Yo' momma's breath is so bad, when she yawns, her teeth duck!
Yo' momma's breath is so stank, Crest and Colgate got a warrant  for her arrest!
Yo' momma's breath's so bad, 9 out of 10 dentists recommend that she rinse with Summer's Eve!
Yo' momma's breath's so bad, when she wakes up in the morning, the mirror brushes its teeth!
Yo' momma's butt is so big, she has more crack than New Jersey!
Yo' momma's butt is so big, she has to shit in a dumpster!
Yo' momma's butt is so bony, she put her drawers on and cut them in two!
Yo' momma's car's so ugly, someone broke in just to steal The Club!
Yo' momma's drawers are so nasty, the roaches check in, but they don't check out!
Yo' momma's ears are so big, she can hear sign language!
Yo' momma's ears are so big, she can hear what I'm thinking!
Yo' momma's ears are so big, she drives the freeways by sonar!
Yo' momma's feet are so ashy, it looks like she kicks flour for a living!
Yo' momma's feet are so big, Bozo's envious!
Yo' momma's feet are so big, her shoes gotta have license plates on 'em!
Yo' momma's feet are so big, she was the landlord of the old  woman who lived in a shoe!
Yo' momma's feet are so nasty, when she wants jam, she gets someone to run a loaf of bread between her toes!
Yo' momma's forehead's so big, you could show slides on it!
Yo' momma's glasses are so thick, when she looks at a map, she can see people waving!
Yo' momma's got a four dollar weave and don't know when to leave!
Yo' momma's got a wooden leg with a kick stand and has to nail  her stockings up!
Yo' momma's got eyes in her butt, talking about "D*mn, did you see that sh*t?!"
Yo' momma's got hair on her tongue and she gargles with curl activator!
Yo' momma's got more weave than a dog in traffic!
Yo' momma's got no fingers talking 'bout wanting to be with the Pointer sisters!
Yo' momma's got no left eye, and she's talkin' 'bout "Make this left!"
Yo' momma's got no legs and always talking about how she kicks ass!
Yo' momma's got one ear, talking 'bout she wants to hear both sides of the story!
Yo' momma's got one eye, one leg, one arm and one knee and they call her 'Uno'!
Yo' momma's got one leg and people call her 'Ilene'!
Yo' momma's got one leg longer than other and they call her call her 'hip hop'!
Yo' momma's got one leg, talkin' 'bout "Ain't no half steppin'!"
Yo' momma's got one toe and one knee and they call her 'Tony'!
Yo' momma's got snake skin teeth!
Yo' momma's got so many gaps in her teeth, it looks like piano keys!
Yo' momma's got so many rings around her belly, she screws her underwear on!
Yo' momma's got three fingers, talkin' 'bout "Gimme five!"
Yo' momma's got three toes and three knees and they call her 'Toni Tone Tony'!
Yo' momma's hair has so much mousse in it, it could deflect bullets!
Yo' momma's hair is so nappy, even Moses couldn't part it!
Yo' momma's hair is so nappy, her comb had to get dentures!
Yo' momma's hair is so nappy, she has to take Tylenol just to comb it!
Yo' momma's hair is so nappy, when she combs her hair, her teeth bleed!
Yo' momma's hair is so short, she curls it with rice!
Yo' momma's hair is so short, when she braided it, they looked like stitches!
Yo' momma's has no ears... I seen her trying on sunglasses...!
Yo' momma's head is so big she has to step into her shirts!
Yo' momma's head is so big, it shows up on radar!
Yo' momma's head is so big, she has to wash her hair at Niagra Falls!
Yo' momma's head is so small, she could wear fruit loops as head rags!
Yo' momma's head is so small, she got her ear pierced and died!
Yo' momma's head is so small, she use a tea-bag as a pillow!
Yo' momma's house has roaches so big, the termites have to carry switchblades!
Yo' momma's house is so dusty, the roaches ride around on dune buggies!
Yo' momma's house is so nasty, I tripped over a rat, and a cockroach stole my wallet!
Yo' momma's house is so nasty, even the cockroaches wear slippers!
Yo' momma's house is so poor, they tore it down and put up a slum!
Yo' momma's house is so small, I put a key in the door lock  and broke a window!
Yo' momma's house is so small, I walked in the front door and tripped over the back fence!
Yo' momma's house is so small, if I stuck a key in the door, I'd stab three people!
Yo' momma's house is so small, she dropped a washcloth and you had instant carpeting!
Yo' momma's house is so small, the roaches got hunchback!
Yo' momma's house is so small, the welcome mat just says wel...!
Yo' momma's legs are so hairy, if she had fur coat and a banana, they'd stick her back in the zoo!
Yo' momma's lips are so big, ChapStick had to invent a spray!
Yo' momma's lips are so big, she needs a kick stand to hold them up!
Yo' momma's lips are so big, she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo' momma's lips are so big, when she smiles, her hair gets wet!
Yo' momma's mass is so great that she has her own event horizon!
Yo' momma's mass is so infinite that she's a singularity!
Yo' momma's maxi pad is so thick, she could bend over and deflect bullets!
Yo' momma's middle name is Rambo!
Yo' momma's mouth is so big, she speaks in surround sound!
Yo' momma's nose is so big, she makes Pinocchio look like a cat!
Yo' momma's nose is so big, she needs a screen on it to keep from   sucking small children in!
Yo' momma's so bald, I can read her mind!
Yo' momma's so bald, even a wig wouldn't help!
Yo' momma's so bald, she took a shower and got brainwashed!
Yo' momma's so bald, when she goes to sleep, her head keeps slipping off the pillow!
Yo' momma's so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck, she looks like a roll on deodorant!
Yo' momma's so bald, you can see what's on her mind!
Yo' momma's so black, she goes to a funeral naked, and no one notices!
Yo' momma's so blind, she dropped a dime and picked up two nickels!
Yo' momma's so blind, she has one of her eyes stuck up her ass and she still can't see shit!
Yo' momma's so bucktoothed, she can eat corn-on-the-cob through a picket fence!
Yo' momma's so cross-eyed, she thought her only child was a twin!
Yo' momma's so cross-eyed, she watches TV in stereo!
Yo' momma's so dark, a piece of coal makes a white mark on her!
Yo' momma's so dark, if she sat in a jacuzzi, the water would turn into coffee!
Yo' momma's so dark, if they put her in a bottle, she'd be a Pepsi!
Yo' momma's so dark, she bleeds smoke!
Yo' momma's so dark, she drinks water and pees coffee!
Yo' momma's so dark, she has to wear white gloves when she eats Tootsie Rolls to keep from eating her fingers!
Yo' momma's so dark, she leaves fingerprints on charcoal!
Yo' momma's so dark, she went to night school and was marked absent!
Yo' momma's so dark, that lightening bugs follow her in the daytime!
Yo' momma's so dark, the police shot at her, and the bullets came back for flashlights!
Yo' momma's so dark, they die bowling balls in her bath water!
Yo' momma's so dark, they made a movie of her heart transplant called "From the darkest heart of Africa"!
Yo' momma's so dark, when people refer to darkness coming in the future, they refer to her next visit!
Yo' momma's so dark, when she gets out of the car, the oil light comes on!
Yo' momma's so dark, when she puts lotion on her legs, it looks like she has on leather pants!
Yo' momma's so dark, when she sits in a hot tub, she makes tea!
Yo' momma's so fat 'n dark, she jumped in the ocean and they thought she was an oil spill!
Yo' momma's so fat and black, when she goes skydiving she turns day into night!
Yo' momma's so fat and her back so crooked, when she lays down, people say "I didn't know we had mountains!"
Yo' momma's so fat and stupid, her waist size is larger than her I.Q.!
Yo' momma's so fat that when she was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks!
Yo' momma's so fat, "Place Your Ad Here" is printed on each of her butt cheeks!
Yo' momma's so fat, Dr. Martens had to kill three cows just to make her a pair of shoes!
Yo' momma's so fat, I gain weight just by watching her eat!
Yo' momma's so fat, I gotta take three steps back just to see all of her!
Yo' momma's so fat, I have to take a plane, a train, and an automobile just to get on her good side!
Yo' momma's so fat, I kept trying to leave her, but I couldn't escape her gravitational pull!
Yo' momma's so fat, I ran around her twice and got lost!
Yo' momma's so fat, McDonald's has to change their sign every time she eats there!
Yo' momma's so fat, NASA hauls her to the top of a tower, pushes her off, she falls 300 feet, hits a board and launches the space shuttle...!
Yo' momma's so fat, NASA orbits a satellite around her!
Yo' momma's so fat, Neil Armstrong landed on her in 1969!
Yo' momma's so fat, Thanksgiving Day, she ate dinner for six hours, then said, "I am going to walk this meal off."  I said, "Call me when you get to Brazil!"
Yo' momma's so fat, all the chairs in her house have seat belts!
Yo' momma's so fat, at the zoo, the elephants started throwing HER peanuts!
Yo' momma's so fat, cars run out of gas before passing her fat *ss!
Yo' momma's so fat, even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo' momma's so fat, even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo' momma's so fat, every time she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo' momma's so fat, her *ss has its own congressman!
Yo' momma's so fat, her belly jiggle is the first perpetual motion machine!
Yo' momma's so fat, her belly-button's got an echo!
Yo' momma's so fat, her butt looks like two pigs fighting over a Hershey Kiss! 
Yo' momma's so fat, her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard!
Yo' momma's so fat, her doctor's a grounds keeper!
Yo' momma's so fat, her legs are like spoiled milk - white and chunky!
Yo' momma's so fat, her navel gets home 15 minutes before she does!
Yo' momma's so fat, her nickname is "DAMN!"
Yo' momma's so fat, her nickname is the Badyear Blimp!
Yo' momma's so fat, her picture fell off the wall!
Yo' momma's so fat, her senior pictures had to be aerial views!
Yo' momma's so fat, her shoes have to have license plates!
Yo' momma's so fat, if she put her hand on her hip, she would look like a gallon of milk!
Yo' momma's so fat, if she was a super hero, she would be the Incredible Bulk!
Yo' momma's so fat, if she was two feet taller, she'd be spherical!
Yo' momma's so fat, if she wears fish-net stockings, they'd better be fifty pound test!
Yo' momma's so fat, if she weighed five more pounds, she could get group insurance!
Yo' momma's so fat, if she were an airplane, she'd be a jumbo jet!
Yo' momma's so fat, in school when she stood up and turned around, she would erase all the black-boards in the room!
Yo' momma's so fat, instead of Levi's 501 jeans, she wears Levi's 1002's!
Yo' momma's so fat, it say on her driver's license "Picture continued on back."
Yo' momma's so fat, it took God one day to create the earth and five days to create yo' momma!
Yo' momma's so fat, people jog around her for exercise!
Yo' momma's so fat, people use her dandruff as quilts!
Yo' momma's so fat, she bumps into people even when she's sitting down!
Yo' momma's so fat, she bungee jumped and went straight to hell!
Yo' momma's so fat, she can kick start a 747!
Yo' momma's so fat, she can lay down and stand up, and her height doesn't change!
Yo' momma's so fat, she can smell bacon frying in Canada!
Yo' momma's so fat, she can't even jump to a conclusion!
Yo' momma's so fat, she can't stay on a basketball court for three seconds without getting called for a key violation!
Yo' momma's so fat, she can't wear Daisy Dukes - she has to wear Boss Hoggs!
Yo' momma's so fat, she climbed Mt. Fuji with one step!
Yo' momma's so fat, she could sell shade!
Yo' momma's so fat, she doesn't sit, she spreads!
Yo' momma's so fat, she don't have cellulite, she has celluHEAVY!
Yo' momma's so fat, she don't know whether she's walking or rolling!
Yo' momma's so fat, she don't take pictures, she takes posters!
Yo' momma's so fat, she eats Wheat *Thicks*!
Yo' momma's so fat, she fell in love and broke it!
Yo' momma's so fat, she gets clothes in three sizes: extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-g*d-it's-coming-towards-us!
Yo' momma's so fat, she gets her dresses made by Barnum and Bailey!
Yo' momma's so fat, she gets stuck in her dreams!
Yo' momma's so fat, she goes to a restaurant, looks at the menu and says, "Okay!"
Yo' momma's so fat, she got a ticket for going the wrong way down a one way street when she was walking!
Yo' momma's so fat, she got hit by a car and the car sued for damages!
Yo' momma's so fat, she had her ears pierced with a harpoon!
Yo' momma's so fat, she had to go to Sea World to get baptized!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has 48 midnight snacks!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has a refrigerator strapped to her waist, and it looks like a pager!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has a wooden leg with a kick stand!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has her own asteroid belt!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has her own brand of jeans: FA - Fat *ss Jeans!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has more nooks and crannies than Thomas' English Muffin!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has to be fed by slingshot!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has to buy two plane tickets, and she doesn't even notice the armrest!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has to grease her hands to get into her pockets!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has to sleep in the barn with the rest of the cows!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
Yo' momma's so fat, she has to wear a hat with a blinking red light to scare off the airplanes!
Yo' momma's so fat, she hula-hooped the super bowl!
Yo' momma's so fat, she jumped in the ocean, and the whales started singing, "We are family!"
Yo' momma's so fat, she keeps her extra change in one of her folds!
Yo' momma's so fat, she left the house in high heels and when she came back, she had on flip flops!
Yo' momma's so fat, she lives in two time zones - supper time and dinner time!
Yo' momma's so fat, she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
Yo' momma's so fat, she looks like the Stay-Puff marshmallow man on steroids!
Yo' momma's so fat, she made Richard Simmons cry!
Yo' momma's so fat, she makes Big Bird look like a rubber duck!
Yo' momma's so fat, she makes sumo wrestlers look anorexic!
Yo' momma's so fat, she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big!
Yo' momma's so fat, she needs to use a boomerang to scratch her fat *ss!
Yo' momma's so fat, she pays taxes in three countries!
Yo' momma's so fat, she plays pool with the planets!
Yo' momma's so fat, she put on a gray dress, and an admiral boarded her!
Yo' momma's so fat, she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist, they spelled out "boulevard!"
Yo' momma's so fat, she puts mayonnaise on aspirin!
Yo' momma's so fat, she rolled over four quarters and it made a dollar!
Yo' momma's so fat, she roller skates on busses!
Yo' momma's so fat, she runs on diesel!
Yo' momma's so fat, she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo' momma's so fat, she sat on the corner and the police came and said, "Break it up!"
Yo' momma's so fat, she says her job title is Spoon and Fork Operator!
Yo' momma's so fat, she sets off car alarms when she runs!
Yo' momma's so fat, she shops for clothes in the local tent shop!
Yo' momma's so fat, she stepped on a talking scale and it said, "Please step out of the car!"
Yo' momma's so fat, she stepped on a talking scale and it told her to get the fuck off!
Yo' momma's so fat, she thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand!
Yo' momma's so fat, she tried to get an all-over tan, and the sun burned out!
Yo' momma's so fat, she uses a basketball as a hackey sack!
Yo' momma's so fat, she uses bowling balls for earrings!
Yo' momma's so fat, she uses the carpet as a blanket!
Yo' momma's so fat, she uses the freeway as a slip 'n slide!
Yo' momma's so fat, she uses the swimming pool as a toilet!
Yo' momma's so fat, she walked in front of the TV, and I missed three commercials!
Yo' momma's so fat, she was Miss Arizona -- class Battleship!
Yo' momma's so fat, she was born on the 4th, 5th and 6th of March!
Yo' momma's so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth!
Yo' momma's so fat, she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for their new world!
Yo' momma's so fat, she was kidnapped by a cannibal tribe, and they all died of cholesterol!
Yo' momma's so fat, she was lifting up her rolls, and a car fell out!
Yo' momma's so fat, she was standing at a corner and the cops came over and said, "Hey!  Break it up!"
Yo' momma's so fat, she was stopped by police dogs at the airport for having 300 lbs of crack under her dress!
Yo' momma's so fat, she wears a microwave for a beeper!
Yo' momma's so fat, she wears pillow cases for socks and hula hoops to hold them up!
Yo' momma's so fat, she went on a light diet...as soon as it's light, she starts eating!
Yo' momma's so fat, she went on a seafood diet...whenever she saw food, she ate it!
Yo' momma's so fat, she went to the salad bar and pulled up a chair!
Yo' momma's so fat, she won Miss Bessie the Cow, 96!
Yo' momma's so fat, she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's 36-24-36...but that's her forearm, neck, and thigh!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's got Amtrak tattooed on her leg!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's got a zit on her butt that's known as Mt. St. Helen!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's got more Chins than a Hong Kong phone book!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's got shock absorbers on her toilet seat!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's got smaller fat women orbiting around her!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's half Indian, half Irish, and half French!
Yo' momma's so fat, she's taller lying down!
Yo' momma's so fat, the Himalayas are practice runs to prepare for her!
Yo' momma's so fat, the Himalayas are practices runs to prepare for her!
Yo' momma's so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs!
Yo' momma's so fat, the highway patrol made her wear a sign that said, "Caution! Wide Turn!"
Yo' momma's so fat, the last time she saw 90210, it was on a scale!
Yo' momma's so fat, the local police hired her to be a roadblock!
Yo' momma's so fat, the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures!
Yo' momma's so fat, the only thing she can fit into at the clothing store is the dressing rooms!
Yo' momma's so fat, the shadow of her *ss weighs 50 pounds!
Yo' momma's so fat, the sign outside one restaurant says 'Maximum  occupancy, 512, or YO' MOMMA!'
Yo' momma's so fat, the telephone company gave her two area codes!
Yo' momma's so fat, they had to let out the shower curtain!
Yo' momma's so fat, they had to paint a stripe down her back to see if she was walking or rolling!
Yo' momma's so fat, they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo' momma's so fat, they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it!
Yo' momma's so fat, they use her underwear elastic for bungee jumping!
Yo' momma's so fat, they use her underwear for the screen at the movies!
Yo' momma's so fat, they used her for a trampoline at the Olympics!
Yo' momma's so fat, they're going to use her to fill that hole in the ozone layer!
Yo' momma's so fat, to her, "light food" means under four tons!
Yo' momma's so fat, to her, 'light food' means under four tons!
Yo' momma's so fat, we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet!
Yo' momma's so fat, when I climbed up on top of her, I burned my *ss on the light bulb!
Yo' momma's so fat, when I said I wanted 'pigs in a blanket', she got back in bed!
Yo' momma's so fat, when I tried to drive around her, I ran out of gas!
Yo' momma's so fat, when I yell "Kool-Aid," she comes crashing through the wall!
Yo' momma's so fat, when Scorpion did the harpoon throw on her, he got arrested for whaling!
Yo' momma's so fat, when her beeper went off, people thought she was  backing up!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she auditioned for a part in "Indiana Jones," she got the part as the big rolling ball!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she backs up, she beeps!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she bends over, we go into daylight savings time!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she brought her dress to the cleaners, they said, "Sorry, we don't do curtains!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she comes down the stairs, she measures on the Richter scale!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she crosses the street, cars look out for her!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she dances at a concert, the whole band skips!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she fell over, she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she fills up the tub, she FILLS UP the tub!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she gets on the scale, it says, "We don't do livestock!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant, she doesn't get a menu, she gets an estimate!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant, she orders everything on the menu, including "Thank You, Come Again"!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she goes to an all-you-can-eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she goes to an amusement park, people try to  ride HER!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she goes to the circus, she sees the big top and asks, "Where can I try that on?!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she goes to the circus, she takes up all the rings!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she has sex, she has to give directions!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she hauls *ss, she has friends come help!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she hauls *ss, she has to make two trips!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she last went to church, nobody would leave until she sang!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she lays down, stunt men try to jump over her!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she leaves the beach, everybody shouts, "The coast is clear!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she lies on the beach, no one else gets sun!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she needs a shower, she goes to a car wash!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she plays hopscotch, she goes "New York, L.A., Chicago..."
Yo' momma's so fat, when she runs, she makes the CD player skip...at the radio station! 
Yo' momma's so fat, when she sat on a dollar bill, blood came out of George Washington's nose!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she sings, it's over!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she sits around the house, she sits AROUND the house!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she sits on a chair, she makes paper!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she stands in a left-turn lane, it gives her the  green arrow!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she starts a marathon, she's already at the  finish line!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she stepped on a train track, the warning lights went on!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she stood in front of the HOLLYWOOD letters we thought we were in the hood (HO*****OD)!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she sweats, people wear raincoats around her!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she swims, she leaves stretch marks on the swimming pool!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she talks to herself, it's a long  distance call!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she turns around, people throw her a welcome back party!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she walks down the street, everyone yells "Earthquake!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she walks down the street, you can hear her hips saying to each other "If you let me by, I'll let you pass!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease, the doctor gave her five YEARS to live!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she was walking in her jeans, I swear I smelled something burning!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wears a purple sweater, people call her "Barney"!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wears a red dress in the summer, kids run after her yelling, "Kool Aid!  Kool Aid!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat, kids think it's the school bus!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wears a yellow shirt, people wear sunglasses!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wears corduroy pants, the ridges don't show!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wears one of those X jackets, helicopters  try to land on her back!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she went to Sea World, she came out with a paycheck!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she went to get a water bed, they put a blanket across Lake Michigan!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she went to the airport and said she wanted to fly, they stamped Goodyear on her and sent her out to the runway!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wore a shirt with an AA on it, people thought she was American Airlines' biggest jet!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she wore a yellow raincoat, people said, "Taxi!"
Yo' momma's so fat, when she works at the theater, she works as the screen!
Yo' momma's so fat, when she's in a jacuzzi, she makes her own gravy!
Yo' momma's so fat, when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground!
Yo' momma's so fat, when yo' daddy makes love to her, he never makes love to the same fold twice!
Yo' momma's so fat, when you get on top of her, your ears pop!
Yo' momma's so fat, whenever she goes to the beach, the tide comes in!
Yo' momma's so fat, yo' daddy's idea of foreplay is setting up the on-ramps!
Yo' momma's so fat, you have to grease the door frame and hold a Twinkie on the other side just to get her through!
Yo' momma's so fat, you haveta roll over twice to get off her!
Yo' momma's so flat, she's jealous of the wall!
Yo' momma's so flat, she's the only woman in the world with two backs!
Yo' momma's so greasy, Texaco buys oil from her!
Yo' momma's so greasy, her freckles slipped off!
Yo' momma's so greasy, she sweats Crisco!
Yo' momma's so greasy, she used bacon as a band-aid!
Yo' momma's so greasy, when she cooks, she rubs the pan with her hair!
Yo' momma's so greasy, when she jumps in the ocean, she leaves a ring around the shore!
Yo' momma's so greasy, when she slid into second, her butt ended up in Detriot!
Yo' momma's so greedy, when she wakes up in the morning, she looks under her bed to see if she lost any sleep!
Yo' momma's so grouchy, the McDonald's she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals!
Yo' momma's so hairy, Bigfoot took a picture of her!
Yo' momma's so hairy, if I shaved her legs, I could supply wigs for the entire Hair Club for Men!
Yo' momma's so hairy, it looks like she has Don King in a head-lock!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she beats her chest after sex!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she braids her hair - on her upper lip!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she doesn't have a bikini line - she has a bikini book!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she got a trim and lost ten pounds!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she looks like a Chia Pet with a sweater on!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she looks like a Chia Pet with an afro!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she shaves with a weed whacker!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she uses a lawn mower to shave her armpits!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she was a stunt double for Chubaca in Star Wars!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she wears a Nike tag on her weave, so now everyone calls her Hair Jordan!
Yo' momma's so hairy, she's got afros on her breasts!
Yo' momma's so hairy, when she goes to the circus, the bearded lady protests against non-union workers!
Yo' momma's so hairy, when she went to a salon, she told the stylist to cut her hair, and she opened up her shirt!
Yo' momma's so hairy, you almost died of rug burn at birth!
Yo' momma's so hunchbacked, she has to look up to tie her shoes!
Yo' momma's so hunchbacked, she has to wear goggles to wash dishes!
Yo' momma's so lazy, she thinks a two-income family is where yo' daddy has two jobs!
Yo' momma's so light-headed, when she jumps out of a window, she falls UP!
Yo' momma's so mean, she got yo' papa pregnant!
Yo' momma's so nasty,  not even flies would go near her!
Yo' momma's so nasty, I called her for phone sex, and she gave me an ear infection!
Yo' momma's so nasty, I talked to her over the computer, and she gave me a virus!
Yo' momma's so nasty, Ozzie Osbourne refused to bite her head off!
Yo' momma's so nasty, a skunk smelled her *ss and passed out!
Yo' momma's so nasty, even the fishery paid her to leave!
Yo' momma's so nasty, every time she opens her mouth, she's talking shit!
Yo' momma's so nasty, flies land on her picture!
Yo' momma's so nasty, lice visit her on their vacations!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she brings crabs to the beach!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she gotta put ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she has to creep up on bath water!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she has to use Black Flag for a deodorant!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she joined the four horseman: war, death, famine, disease!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she made Ben Gay go straight!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she made Right Guard call for backup!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she made Right Guard turn left!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she made Speed Stick slow down!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she makes onions cry!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she only changes her drawers once every 10,000 miles!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she uses Drain-o to douche!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she uses her dirty clothes as a weapon!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she went swimming, and now we have the Dead Sea!
Yo' momma's so nasty, she's like Shaq - she don't fake the funk!
Yo' momma's so nasty, skunks run from her!
Yo' momma's so nasty, the Nat'l Weather Agency has to assign names to her farts!
Yo' momma's so nasty, the government uses her bath water for chemical weapons!
Yo' momma's so nasty, while you were being delivered, the doctor was wearing an oxygen mask!
Yo' momma's so old and fat that when God said "Let there be light," He told her to move her fat ass!
Yo' momma's so old and so fat that Ulysses crawled up her butt with twenty soldiers and jumped out once inside Troy!
Yo' momma's so old, George Burns calls her "Grandma"!
Yo' momma's so old, Jurassic Park brought back memories!
Yo' momma's so old, her birth certificate says "expired" on it!
Yo' momma's so old, her birthday's expired!
Yo' momma's so old, her memory is in black and white!
Yo' momma's so old, her social security number is 1!
Yo' momma's so old, she farts dust!
Yo' momma's so old, she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook!
Yo' momma's so old, she has an autographed Bible!
Yo' momma's so old, she knew Burger King when he was a prince!
Yo' momma's so old, she knew the Beetles when they were the New Kids on the Block!
Yo' momma's so old, she owes Fred Flintstone a food stamp!
Yo' momma's so old, she owes Jesus a nickel!
Yo' momma's so old, she used to babysit Jesus!
Yo' momma's so old, she walked into an antique store and they kept her!
Yo' momma's so old, she's blind from the big bang!
Yo' momma's so old, she's got hieroglyphics on her driver's license!
Yo' momma's so old, the candles cost more than the birthday cake!
Yo' momma's so old, the key on Ben Franklin's kite was to her apartment!
Yo' momma's so old, when I told her to act her age, she died!
Yo' momma's so old, when Moses split the Red Sea, she was on the other side fishing!
Yo' momma's so old, when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick!
Yo' momma's so old, when she was young, rainbows were black and white!
Yo' momma's so po', she can't even afford the "or"!
Yo' momma's so poor, I came over for dinner and saw three beans on the table; I took one, and she said "Don't be greedy!"
Yo' momma's so poor, I stepped on a cigarette and she yelled, "Who turned off the heat?!"
Yo' momma's so poor, I stepped on her skateboard and she said, "Hey, get off the car!"
Yo' momma's so poor, I walked into her house and swatted a firefly and she said, "Who turned off the lights?!"
Yo' momma's so poor, I walked into her house, asked to use the bathroom, and she said, "Third tree to your right!"
Yo' momma's so poor, I went into her house and flushed a cockroach down the toilet and she said, "Hey, where'd Grandma go?!"
Yo' momma's so poor, I went to her house and took down some cobwebs, and she said, "Who's tearing down the drapes?!"
Yo' momma's so poor, after I p*ssed in your yard, she thanked me for watering the lawn!
Yo' momma's so poor, burglars break in her house and leave money!
Yo' momma's so poor, even her BOSS pants are unemployed!
Yo' momma's so poor, her face is on the front of a food stamp!
Yo' momma's so poor, she can't even afford to pay attention!
Yo' momma's so poor, she got arrested for breaking the gum-ball machine because it didn't take food stamps!
Yo' momma's so poor, she has to take the trash IN!
Yo' momma's so poor, she married young just to get the rice!
Yo' momma's so poor, she puts food stamps in your penny loafers!
Yo' momma's so poor, she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning!
Yo' momma's so poor, she went to McDonald's and had to put her french fries on lay-a-way!
Yo' momma's so poor, she wipes with both sides of the toilet paper!
Yo' momma's so poor, the Somalians are sending HER food!
Yo' momma's so poor, the only time she's smelled hot food was when a rich man farted!
Yo' momma's so poor, when I asked what was for dinner, she pulled her shoelaces off and said "Spaghetti!"
Yo' momma's so poor, when I ring the doorbell, I hear the toilet flush!
Yo' momma's so poor, when I ring the doorbell, she says "DING!"
Yo' momma's so poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked what she was doing, and she said "Moving!"
Yo' momma's so poor, when I saw her rolling some trash cans around in an alley, I asked her what she was doing; she said, "Remodeling!"
Yo' momma's so poor, when I stepped on her door mat, she said, "Hey, you can't go upstairs!"
Yo' momma's so poor, when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers!
Yo' momma's so poor, when she heard about the last supper, she thought she had run out of food stamps!
Yo' momma's so poor, when she wrote a check, the whole bank bounced!
Yo' momma's so poor, when yo' family watches TV, they go to Sears!
Yo' momma's so poor, yo' TV's got two channels: on and off!
Yo' momma's so short, her best friend is an ant!
Yo' momma's so short, her homies are the Keebler Elves!
Yo' momma's so short, she broke her leg jumping off the toilet!
Yo' momma's so short, she can bungee-jump off a curb!
Yo' momma's so short, she does back-flips under the bed!
Yo' momma's so short, she doesn't have legs, she has feet growing out her ass!
Yo' momma's so short, she has to cuff her underwear!
Yo' momma's so short, she has to get a running start to get up on the toilet!
Yo' momma's so short, she has to look down to look up!
Yo' momma's so short, she has to slam-dunk her change on the bus!
Yo' momma's so short, she jumps off curbs, saying, "Wheeee!"
Yo' momma's so short, she needs a ladder to pick up a dime!
Yo' momma's so short, she pole vaults with a toothpick!
Yo' momma's so short, she poses for trophies!
Yo' momma's so short, she tried to commit suicide with a pin!
Yo' momma's so short, she's afraid to get off the carpet alone!
Yo' momma's so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license!
Yo' momma's so skinny, I could blind-fold her with dental floss!
Yo' momma's so skinny, I gave her a piece of popcorn and she went into a coma!
Yo' momma's so skinny, if she had dreads, I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor!
Yo' momma's so skinny, instead of calling her your parent, you call her transparent!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she got a run in her hose and she fell out!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she has to make knots in her panty hose so that her knees can be seen!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she has to run around in the shower to get wet!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she has to stand in the same place twice to cast a shadow!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she has to wear a belt with spandex!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she hula hoops with a Cheerio!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she uses Chapstick for deodorant!
Yo' momma's so skinny, she uses a tie for a blanket!
Yo' momma's so skinny, when she lets the water out of the bathtub, her toes get caught in the drain!
Yo' momma's so skinny, when she swallowed a marble, I thought she was nine months pregnant!
Yo' momma's so skinny, when she wears a red dress, people think she's a  thermometer!
Yo' momma's so skinny, you can save her from drowning by tossing her a Cheerio!
Yo' momma's so slutty, she heard Santa say "Ho Ho Ho" and thought she was getting called three times!
Yo' momma's so small, she can sit on a dime and swing her legs!
Yo' momma's so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind!
Yo' momma's so stupid that under "Education" on her job application, she put "Hooked on Phonics!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, I saw her in the frozen food section with a fishing rod!
Yo' momma's so stupid, I taught her how to do the running man and I haven't seen her since!
Yo' momma's so stupid, her brain cells are on the endangered species list!
Yo' momma's so stupid, her latest invention was a glass hammer!
Yo' momma's so stupid, if brains were dynamite, she wouldn't have enough to blow her nose!
Yo' momma's so stupid, if brains were gas, she wouldn't have enough to power a flea-mobile around the inside of a Fruit Loop!
Yo' momma's so stupid, if her I.Q. was any lower, she'd trip over it!
Yo' momma's so stupid, if you give her a penny for her intelligence, you'll get change back!
Yo' momma's so stupid, it take her a month to get rid of the seven day itch!
Yo' momma's so stupid, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes!
Yo' momma's so stupid, on an application it said, "Don't write here", and she wrote, "Why?"
Yo' momma's so stupid, on her job application where it says 'emergency contact', she put '911'!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she asked for a price check at the dollar store!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she asked me what kind of jeans I had on, I said, "Guess", so she said "Levi's!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, she bought a Clapper, and she only has one hand! 
Yo' momma's so stupid, she called information to get the number for 411 ... and when the operator said "Hold one minute", she counted to 60 and hung up!!!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she called the 7-11 to see when they closed!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she called the cocaine hotline to order some!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she cooked her own complimentary breakfast!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she couldn't tell which way an elevator was going if I gave her two guesses!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she gave birth to you!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she gave your uncle a blowjob cause he said it would help with his unemployment!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got hit by a cup and told the cops she got mugged!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got hit by a parked car!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got locked in Furniture World and slept on the floor!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got locked in a meat locker and sweat to death!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got on her knees to drink her Nehi peach drink!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got shot running for the border after seeing a Taco Bell commercial!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she got shoved in an oven and froze to death!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she had your brother thrown in rehab. 'cause he was Hooked on Phonics!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she has one toe and bought a pair of flip flops!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she mates out of season!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she needed a tutor to learn how to scribble!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she ordered her sushi well done!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she put a quarter in a parking meter and waited for a gumball to come out!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she put on her glasses to watch 20/20!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she put out the cigarette butt that was heating yo' house!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she ran out of gas leaving Texaco!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she said "what's that letter after x", I said, 'Y'; she said, "'Cause I wanna know!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, she saw Jesus walk on water and said, "It's gotta be the shoes!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, she saw a billboard that said "Dodge Trucks" and she started ducking through traffic!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she sent me a fax with a stamp on it!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she sits on the TV and watches the couch!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she sold her car for gasoline money!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she sold the house to pay the mortgage!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she stole free bread!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say 'Go'!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she studied for a blood test and failed!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks Christmas wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks Delta Airlines is a sorority!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonald's!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks MCI is a rapper!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks Sherlock Holmes was a housing project!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks Thailand is a men's clothing store!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks a hot meal is stolen food!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks a lawsuit is something you wear to court!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks a sanitary belt is drinking a shot out of a clean glass!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks a stereotype is a clock-radio brand!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks a triple is for extreme alcoholics!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks fruit punch is a gay boxer!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks it's the ice cubes that keeps the fridge cold!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks manual labor is a Mexican!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks sexual battery is something in a dildo!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks socialism means partying!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thinks the Internet is something you catch fish with!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thought Hamburger Helper came with another person!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thought Meow Mix was a CD for cats!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thought Taco Bell was a Mexican phone company!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thought gangrene was another golf course!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thought menopause was a button on her tape  deck!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thought the Nazis were saying "Hi, Hitler!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, she thought the board of education was a piece of wood!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she told everyone that she was "illegitiment" because she couldn't read!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she told me to meet her at the corner of "Walk" and "Don't Walk"!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she took a spoon to the superbowl!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she took the Pepsi Challenge and chose Jif!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she took toilet paper to a craps game!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she took you to the airport the sign said, 'Airport left', so she turned around and went home!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the basement window!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she tried to drop acid, but the car battery fell on her foot!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she tried to drown herself in a car pool!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she tried to mail a letter with food stamps!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she tripped over a cordless phone!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she was on the corner with a sign that said "Will eat for food!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she went to Alpha Beta and asked to buy a vowel!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she went to a Whalers game to see Shamu!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she went to catch the 44 bus but caught the 22 twice instead!
Yo' momma's so stupid, she went to the store to buy a color TV and asked what colors they had!
Yo' momma's so stupid, someone yells "hoe-down," she hits the deck!
Yo' momma's so stupid, they had to burn down the school to get her out of second grade!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when I was drowning and yelled for a life saver, she said, "Cherry or grape?!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, when asked on an application, "Sex?", she marked, "M, F and sometimes weekends too!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, when her husband lost his marbles, she bought him new ones!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when she counts to ten she get stuck at 11!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line, she put "O.K."
Yo' momma's so stupid, when she saw a sign that said "Wet floor," she did!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when she saw the NC-17 sign, she went home and got 16 friends!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when she tried to commit suicide, she jumped off the curb!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when she was filling out a job application, when she saw "sign here,"  she put "Scorpio"!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when she worked at McDonald's and someone ordered small fries, she said, "Hey Boss, all the small ones are gone!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, when the judge said, "Order in the court," she said, "I'll have a hamburger and a Coke!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, when they said they were playing craps, she went and got toilet paper!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when yo' daddy said it was chilly outside, she ran outside with a spoon!
Yo' momma's so stupid, when you were born she looked at the umbilical cord and said, "Hey, everybody - he comes with cable!"
Yo' momma's so stupid, when you were born, she looked at the umbilical cord and said, "Whoa!  This thing comes wit cable!"
Yo' momma's so tall, she did a back-flip and kicked Jesus in the mouth!
Yo' momma's so tall, she did a push-up and burned her back on the sun!
Yo' momma's so toothless, when she couldn't eat an apple, she just gummed it to death!
Yo' momma's so ugly, Dairy Queen won't even treat her right!
Yo' momma's so ugly, I can have sex with her in any position and it's still doggy style!
Yo' momma's so ugly, I heard that yo' daddy first met her at the pound!
Yo' momma's so ugly, I took her to the zoo and the monkeys said, "Damn, how'd you get out so fast!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, cockroaches go like this: "HI, MOM!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo' momma's so ugly, even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!!
Yo' momma's so ugly, even a blind man wouldn't have sex with her!
Yo' momma's so ugly, even the elephant man paid to see her!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her doctor is a vet!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her face is closed on weekends!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her face is like the south end of a north-bound camel!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her face looks like a blind cobbler's thumb!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her momma had to feed her with a sling shot!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her mother used to put rubber bands on her ears so people would think the girl was wearing a mask!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her picture is on the inside of a Roach Motel!
Yo' momma's so ugly, her psychiatrist makes her lie face down!
Yo' momma's so ugly, if ugly were an Olympic event, she would be the dream team!
Yo' momma's so ugly, if ugly were bricks, she'd be a high rise!
Yo' momma's so ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle, they put it around her neck!
Yo' momma's so ugly, it looks like her face caught fire and they put it out with an ice pick!
Yo' momma's so ugly, it looks like her neck threw up!
Yo' momma's so ugly, it makes me wish birth control is retroactive!
Yo' momma's so ugly, just after her birth, her mother saw the afterbirth and said, "Twins!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, just after she was born, her mother said, "What a treasure," and her father said, "Yeah, let's go bury it!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, peeping toms break into her house and CLOSE the blinds!
Yo' momma's so ugly, people at the circus pay money NOT to see her!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she can look up a camel's butt and scare its hump off!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she could scare a hungry wolf off a meat truck!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she dated Jabba the Hut and HE was the looker!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she entered a dog show and won!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she frightened away both the beauty and the beast!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she gives Freddy Krueger nightmares!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she had to wear two bags over her head in case one breaks!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she has little round marks all over her body from people touching her with 10-foot poles!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she has to get her vibrator drunk first!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she has to trick-or-treat over the phone!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she just got a job at the airport - sniffing for drugs!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she looks like you!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she makes *YOU* look good!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she practices birth control by leaving the lights on!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she scares people even with the lights out!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she scares the roaches away!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she strips wall paper from walls for a living!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she wasn't beaten with an ugly stick...the whole forest fell on her!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she'd make a freight train take a dirt road!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she'd scare the monster out of Loch Ness!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she's like 7-UP...never had it, never will!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she's like Taco Bell - when people see her, they run for the border!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she's only had one successful job - being a scarecrow!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she's the cover girl for iodine!
Yo' momma's so ugly, she's was a three bagger: 1 for her head, 1 for yours in case hers fell off, and 1 by the door in case anyone walked in!
Yo' momma's so ugly, the NHL banned her for life!
Yo' momma's so ugly, the doctor is still smacking her ass!
Yo' momma's so ugly, the kids call her Lassie and feed the b*tch biscuits!
Yo' momma's so ugly, the last time I saw something that looked like her, I pinned a tail on it!
Yo' momma's so ugly, the last time she heard a whistle was when she got hit by a train!
Yo' momma's so ugly, the tide won't even take her out!
Yo' momma's so ugly, they didn't make her wear a costume when she tried out for Star Wars!
Yo' momma's so ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower!
Yo' momma's so ugly, they pay her to put her clothes ON in strip joints!
Yo' momma's so ugly, they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies!
Yo' momma's so ugly, they put her face on box of Ex-Lax and sold it empty!
Yo' momma's so ugly, they rub tree branches on her face to make ugly sticks!
Yo' momma's so ugly, they threw her away and kept the afterbirth!
Yo' momma's so ugly, two guys broke into her apt., she yelled "rape", and they yelled "NO!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, we put her in the kennel when we go on vacation!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she gets up, the sun goes down!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she goes to the beach, the tide won't come in!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she looks in the mirror, the reflection ducks!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she passes by a bathroom, the toilet flushes!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she walked into a haunted house, she came out with a paycheck!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people say, "It's Halloween already?!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was a baby, her parents had a little yellow sign in their car window that read, "THING ON BOARD"!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was born the Doctor looked at her ass and her face and said: "My God, Siamese twins!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was born, GOD admitted that even HE could make a mistake!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor didn't know which end to slap!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor slapped her mother!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor smacked everyone!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was born, the doctor took her and told her mother, "If this doesn't start to cry in ten seconds, it was a tumor!"
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was born, they tinted the windows of her incubator!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she was lying on the beach, the cat tried to bury her!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she went to Taco Bell, everyone ran for the border!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when she went to jump in a lake, the lake jumped back!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when they took her to the beautician, it took twelve hours...for a quote!
Yo' momma's so ugly, when your dad wants to have sex in the car, he tells her to get out!
Yo' momma's so ugly, yo' daddy takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye!
Yo' momma's so ugly, yo' daddy tosses the ugly stick, and she fetches it every time!
Yo' momma's so ugly, your dad's breath smells like sh*t because he would rather kiss her ass!
Yo' momma's so weak, she had to fight the current in the bath tub!
Yo' momma's so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on!
Yo' momma's so wrinkled, you can find loose change in her skin!
Yo' momma's such an alcoholic, in college, her major was Old English, room 800!
Yo' momma's teeth are so bad, it looks like her father was Mr. Ed! 
Yo' momma's teeth are so black, when she spits, she seals driveways!
Yo' momma's teeth are so rotten, when she smiles, they look like dice!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow that when she used Aim, she missed!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, Dorothy and Toto thought it was the Yellow Brick Road!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, I can't believe it's not butter!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, crows fly down and pick at them like it was corn!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, she has to brush them with a butter knife!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, she's got more gold than Fort Knox!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, traffic slows down when she smiles!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, when she closes her mouth, her stomach lights up!
Yo' momma's teeth are so yellow, when she drinks water, it turns into lemonade!
Yo' momma's twice the man you are!
Yo' momma's wave function is so chaotic, she's uncertain even after it  collapses!
your mom has a pussy on her hip, so she can make money on the side!
your mom is like a TV set, anyone can turn her on.
your mom is like a gas station - eventually everyone gets a pump.
your mom is like a hoover, turn her on and she sucks!
your mom is like a racecar - she can burn four rubbers in one night!
your mom is like a shotgun... one cock and she's ready to blow.
your mom is like an elevator - if you push the right button she'll go down on you!
your mom is so fat - she's got more chins than chinatown!
your mom is so fat she ordered a double room for a singles weekend!
your mom is so fat she's gotta sleep in a barn with the rest of the cows.
your mom is so fat that cars run out of gas just trying to pass her ass!
your mom is so fat that she had to get baptized at sea world
your mom is so fat that she irons her clothes in the driveway!
your mom is so fat that they use her underwear for bungee jumping!
your mom is so fat that you gotta grease the tub to get her in the bath!
your mom is so fat, she has to use a satellite dish for a diaphragm.
Are those yo'momma tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave her their heads?
Every time I pass your house, yo'momma runs out and barks at me!
I just thought of something funny...yo'momma.
I saw yo'momma at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle.
I seen yo'momma downtown scrapping with a pigeon for a peanut.
I would have been yo'daddy but the damn dog beat me over the fence!
If ugly was bricks, yo'momma would be the Empire State Building.
Let's get off the subject of yo'momma...cuz i just got off yours.
Were you born that way, or did yo'momma marry an armadillo?
Yo'daddy like cement, it takes him two days to get hard.
Yo'daddy so old, he was the promoter for David vs. Goliath.
Yo'dick is so small, it looks like you have a second bellybutton.
Yo'dick is so small, you pee on your nuts.
Yo'momma ain't so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!
Yo'momma armpits so hairy looks like she got Buckwheat in a headlock!
Yo'momma armpits stink so bad, she made Speed Stick slow down!
Yo'momma arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo'momma arms so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo'momma ass so tight only the dogs can hear it when she farts!
Yo'momma breath so bad her teeth have asbestos caps!
Yo'momma breath so bad she be blowin' bubbles with Now & Laters.
Yo'momma breath so bad when she yawns her teeth duck.
Yo'momma butt is so big, crack dealers say she's got enough already.
Yo'momma butt so hairy she has to part the crack to crap.
Yo'momma can wrestle a cow to the ground.
Yo'momma could only get a date with the Pillsbury dough boy.
Yo'momma cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
Yo'momma don't dance and your Daddy don't Rock and Roll.
Yo'momma drives a peanut.
Yo'momma ears are so big she drives the freeways by sonar!
Yo'momma feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates!
Yo'momma glasses are so thick she can see into the future.
Yo'momma glasses so thick, she could read my mind!
Yo'momma goes out takes a look at the menu and says "That'll do."
Yo'momma got a 'fro with warning lights.
Yo'momma got a bald head with a part and sideburns.
Yo'momma got a face like a bag of chisels.
Yo'momma got a face like a bag of smashed arseholes.
Yo'momma got a face like a blind cobbler's thumb.
Yo'momma got a face like a bulldog licking piss off a nettle.
Yo'momma got a face like a burglar's dog !!
Yo'momma got a face like a half-sucked mango
Yo'momma got a face like a welder's bench.
Yo'momma got a face like half a pound of smacked twat and a hairy pie.
Yo'momma got a face like the south end of a north-bound camel
Yo'momma got a glass eye with a fish in it.
Yo'momma got a leather wig with suede sideburns.
Yo'momma got a metal afro with rusty sideburns.
Yo'momma got a pussy on her hip so she can make money on the side.
Yo'momma got a wooden leg with a kickstand on it.
Yo'momma got a wooden leg with a real foot.
Yo'momma got a wooden leg with branches.
Yo'momma got a yeast infection so bad, she pisses biscuits.
Yo'momma got a' afro, wit' a chin strap!!!!
Yo'momma got an ass soo big she got to sh*t in a dumpster.
Yo'momma got eyeballs in her kneecaps & her name Neicee
Yo'momma got four eyes and two pair of sunglasses.
Yo'momma got green hair and thinks she's a tree.
Yo'momma got hair on her tongue and she gargles with curl activator.
Yo'momma got lips on her ass, that's why she talks a lot of sh*t!
Yo'momma got more pricks than a pin cushion.
Yo'momma got no legs & her name Contsuelo
Yo'momma got snakeskin teeth.
Yo'momma got so many freckles she looks like a hamburger!
Yo'momma got so many teeth missing it looks like her tongue is in jail.
Yo'momma got so much hair on her upper lip she braids it.
Yo'momma got three fingers and a banjo.
Yo'momma got three teeth...one in her mouth and two in her pocket.
Yo'momma got two wooden legs and one is one backward.
Yo'momma gums are so black she spits Yoo-hoo.
Yo'momma hair is so nappy, she rolls her hair with rice.
Yo'momma hair so nappy she has to take pain killers to comb it!
Yo'momma hair so nappy she rolls her hair with rice.
Yo'momma hair so nappy when she braided it they looked like stiches.
Yo'momma has a 'fro with warning lights.
Yo'momma has a glass eye with a fish in it.
Yo'momma has a short arm and can't applaude.
Yo'momma has a short leg and walks in circles.
Yo'momma has a wooden afro with an X carved in the back.
Yo'momma has an ass soo big she has to use a dumpster.
Yo'momma has green hair and thinks she a tree.
Yo'momma has no ears. I seen the bitch trying on sunglasses.
Yo'momma has so much hair on her upper lip, she braids it.
Yo'momma head so big it shows up on radar.
Yo'momma head so big she has to step into her shirts.
Yo'momma head so small she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo'momma head so small she took a shower and got brain-washed.
Yo'momma head so small she use a tea-bag as a pillow.
Yo'momma hips so big people set their drinks on them.
Yo'momma hole so loose she can use a 747 as a dildo.
Yo'momma house so dirty roaches ride around on dune buggies!
Yo'momma house so dirty she has to wipe her feet before going outside.
Yo'momma house so dirty the mice ride dirt bikes!
Yo'momma house so small her washcloth makes wall-to-wall carpeting.
Yo'momma house so small she has to go outside to eat a large pizza.
Yo'momma house so small the doormat just says "WEL"
Yo'momma house so small you have to go outside to change your mind.
Yo'momma just like a TV remote: A 2 year old could turn her on.
Yo'momma just like the Pillsbury Doughboy. Everybody pokes her.
Yo'momma like a 10 Seater Bike: It take 10 people to move her ass.
Yo'momma like a 7-11: She's on every corner, and she's always open.
Yo'momma like a 7-UP: Never had it, never will.
Yo'momma like a bike: People constantly pumping away at her.
Yo'momma like a birthday cake: Everybody gets a piece.
Yo'momma like a bowling ball: You can fit three fingers in.
Yo'momma like a broken bubble gum machine: 25 cents gets it all.
Yo'momma like a bubble gum machine: 25 cents a blow.
Yo'momma like a bubble gum machine: Everyone gets a pop.
Yo'momma like a bus: Fifty cents and she's ready to ride!
Yo'momma like a bus: Guys climb on and off her all day long.
Yo'momma like a catsup bottle: Everyone gets a squeeze out of her!
Yo'momma like a Christmas tree: Everybody hangs balls on her.
Yo'momma like a Coke machine: 50 cents a pop.
Yo'momma like a Denny's: Open 24 hours.
Yo'momma like a door knob: Everyone gets a turn.
Yo'momma like a garden: She's always gettin' planted.
Yo'momma like a goalie: Changes pads after three periods.
Yo'momma like a golf course: Everyone gets a hole in one!
Yo'momma like a horse: She's always gettin' mounted.
Yo'momma like a lamp post: She be on every street corner.
Yo'momma like a light switch: Even a little kid can turn her on.
Yo'momma like a McDonalds: over 52 billion served.
Yo'momma like a motorcycle: Couple kicks and shes roaring to go.
Yo'momma like a pack of bubble gum: 5 sticks for a quarter.
Yo'momma like a potato chip seller on 42nd street: "LAYS! LAYS!"
Yo'momma like a race car: She's always burning rubber.
Yo'momma like a railroad track: Gets laid all over the country.
Yo'momma like a refrigerator: Everyone likes to put their meat in her!
Yo'momma like a revolving door: Everyone gets a turn.
Yo'momma like a rifle: Four cocks and she loaded.
Yo'momma like a screen door: After a couple bangs she loosens up!
Yo'momma like a shotgun: One cock and she blows!
Yo'momma like a smokehouse: Always full of meat.
Yo'momma like a stamp: You lick her, stick her, then send her away.
Yo'momma like a stop sign: She's on every corner.
Yo'momma like a taxi: Constantly giving rides to strangers.
Yo'momma like a Toyota: "Oh what a feelin'!"
Yo'momma like a TV set: Even a three year old can turn her on!
Yo'momma like a vacuum cleaner: A real good suck.
Yo'momma like a video game: Four men for a dollar!
Yo'momma like an ice cream cone: Everyone gets a lick.
Yo'momma like an Orange Crush: "Good Vibrations!"
Yo'momma like Betty Crocker icing: Always ready to spread.
Yo'momma like cake mix: 15 servings per package!
Yo'momma like castlebury stew: Servings are family size.
Yo'momma like chinese food: Sweet, sour and cheap!
Yo'momma like Crazy Eddie: She practically giving it all away.
Yo'momma like Denny's: Open 24 hours.
Yo'momma like Domino's pizza: Something for nothing.
Yo'momma like Mcdonalds: What you want is What you get.
Yo'momma like mustard: She spreads easy.
Yo'momma like Nintendo: Now she's portable.
Yo'momma like potato chips: Flat, Greasy and Frito-Lay.
Yo'momma like the Pillsbury doughboy: Everyone gets a poke!
Yo'momma like the railway system: She gets laid all over the country!
Yo'momma like the Stay Puffed Marshmallow Man: Everybody gets a piece.
Yo'momma lips are so big she puts lipstick on with a paint roller.
Yo'momma lips so big Chap Stick had to invent a spray.
Yo'momma looks like a humor moderator.
Yo'momma mates out of season.
Yo'momma middle name is Rambo.
Yo'momma mouth so big she speaks in surround sound.
Yo'momma nails so long they're like Freddy Krugeur's.
Yo'momma nose so big she makes Pinocchio look like a cat!
Yo'momma nose so big she uses her boogers for bowling balls!
Yo'momma only got three teeth: One in her mouth and two in her pocket!
Yo'momma pubic hair is so nappy the crabs ride dune buggies.
Yo'momma pussy so dry the crabs carry canteens.
Yo'momma real nice: She'll give ya the hair right off her back!
Yo'momma referees bar fights without a shirt on.
Yo'momma said she liked seafood so I gave her crabs.
Yo'momma shoes so old when she step on gum she know the flavor.
Yo'momma smell so bad she made Right Guard turn to left!
Yo'momma smell so bad she made Speed Stick slow down!
Yo'momma smell so bad she uses Lysol for perfume.
Yo'momma smell so bad that not even a dog would go near her.
Yo'momma smell so fishy I can't believe it's not tuna!
Yo'momma smells so bad that not even a dog would go near her.
Yo'momma so backwards, she sits on the TV and watches the couch.
Yo'momma so bald even a wig wouldn't help!
Yo'momma so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed.
Yo'momma so bald you can see whats on her mind
Yo'momma so big she's been given her own statehood.
Yo'momma so big she's on both sides of the family!
Yo'momma so big when she sweats people wear raincoats around her!
Yo'momma so boring she make Presidential speeches sound interesting.
Yo'momma so cheap she whored her way on to the metro.
Yo'momma so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone.
Yo'momma so cross-eyed she dropped a dime and picked up two nickels!
Yo'momma so cross-eyed she watches TV in stereo.
Yo'momma so dark if she cut herself she would smoke!
Yo'momma so dark she can go to a funeral butt naked.
Yo'momma so dark she creates a eclipse.
Yo'momma so dark she farts soot!
Yo'momma so dark she spits chocolate milk!
Yo'momma so dark she went to night school and was marked absent!
Yo'momma so dark that she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
Yo'momma so dark the sun sends her a monthly bill.
Yo'momma so dark they die bowling balls in her bath water.
Yo'momma so dark when she got outta the car, the oil light went on!
Yo'momma so dirty she has to creep up on bathwater.
Yo'momma so dumb, she asked for a price check at the $1.00 store.
Yo'momma so easy that Madonna get tips from her!
Yo'momma so fat a picture of her would fall off the wall!
Yo'momma so fat after sex she smokes a turkey!
Yo'momma so fat and old she fell down and created the Grand Canyon.
Yo'momma so fat and stupid, her waist size is larger than her IQ!
Yo'momma so fat cars run out of gas before passing yo mama's fat ass.
Yo'momma so fat don't have cellulite, she have celluHEAVY!
Yo'momma so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo'momma so fat even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo'momma so fat everytime she walks in high heels she strikes oil!
Yo'momma so fat God couldn't light Earth till she moved!
Yo'momma so fat her big toe got stuck in the catflap.
Yo'momma so fat her blood type's "Ragu."
Yo'momma so fat her butt cheeks have different area codes.
Yo'momma so fat her butt looks like 2 pigs fightin' over Milkduds.
Yo'momma so fat her doctor's a grounds keeper.
Yo'momma so fat her driver license picture's continued on the back.
Yo'momma so fat her high school picture was an aerial photograph.
Yo'momma so fat her legs are like spoiled milk - white and chunky!
Yo'momma so fat her neck looks like a pair of hot dogs!
Yo'momma so fat her nickname is "damn."
Yo'momma so fat her only pictures are satellite pictures.
Yo'momma so fat her picture fell off the wall!
Yo'momma so fat her tits are in two different time zones.
Yo'momma so fat her toes bleed when she walks!
Yo'momma so fat I had to roll her in flour and look for the wet spot.
Yo'momma so fat I had to slap her thigh and ride the wave in!
Yo'momma so fat I had to walk around her and got lost.
Yo'momma so fat I took her to a dance and the band skipped.
Yo'momma so fat I tried to drive around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo'momma so fat if she weighed 5 more pounds she'd get group insurance.
Yo'momma so fat if she'd died you'd have to take her out in two trips.
Yo'momma so fat it takes a forklift to help her stand up.
Yo'momma so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass
Yo'momma so fat last time she went swimming she got harpooned.
Yo'momma so fat light gets stuck near her.
Yo'momma so fat McDonalds has to change their sign every time she eats.
Yo'momma so fat mosquitoes see her and scream buffet!
Yo'momma so fat NASA has a satellite orbiting around her!
Yo'momma so fat people ice skate on her toe nails.
Yo'momma so fat people jog around her for exercise.
Yo'momma so fat people use her dandruff as quilts.
Yo'momma so fat sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo'momma so fat she accidently got a 747 caught in her teeth.
Yo'momma so fat she been given her own statehood.
Yo'momma so fat she been mistaken for planet X.
Yo'momma so fat she bought 2-18 wheelers trucks to go in-line skating.
Yo'momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy poured out!
Yo'momma so fat she can smell bacon frying in Canada!
Yo'momma so fat she can use Mt. Everest for a dildo.
Yo'momma so fat she can't even tie her own shoes!
Yo'momma so fat she can't make a leap of faith.
Yo'momma so fat she can't reach her back pocket.
Yo'momma so fat she can't walk home so she rolls home.
Yo'momma so fat she dressed up as a bouncy castle.
Yo'momma so fat she eats out of a satellite dish.
Yo'momma so fat she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo'momma so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon!
Yo'momma so fat she fell in love and broke it!
Yo'momma so fat she gets stuck in her dreams!
Yo'momma so fat she got a date with the Pillsbury dough boy.
Yo'momma so fat she got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo'momma so fat she got Brighton stuck up her arse.
Yo'momma so fat she got her baby pictures taken by satellite.
Yo'momma so fat she got her own area code!
Yo'momma so fat she got hit by a parked car!
Yo'momma so fat she got hit by a truck and asked Who threw that rock?
Yo'momma so fat she got more Chins than a Hong Kong phone book!
Yo'momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo'momma so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
Yo'momma so fat she gotta' take two trips to haul ass!
Yo'momma so fat she had her ears pierced by harpoon.
Yo'momma so fat she had stretch marks when she was a virgin.
Yo'momma so fat she had to get out of bed to roll over.
Yo'momma so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
Yo'momma so fat she has a part-time job as a trampoline!
Yo'momma so fat she has a run in her blue jeans!
Yo'momma so fat she has been declared a natural habitat for Condors.
Yo'momma so fat she has her own brand of jeans: FA - FatAss Jeans.
Yo'momma so fat she has her own gravity.
Yo'momma so fat she has her own zip code.
Yo'momma so fat she has more rolls than a Mary Jane truck.
Yo'momma so fat she has shocks on her toilet seat.
Yo'momma so fat she has to buy two airline tickets!
Yo'momma so fat she has to go outside to put on deodorant.
Yo'momma so fat she has to go outside to sit around the house.
Yo'momma so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway.
Yo'momma so fat she has to lay down to tie her shoe.
Yo'momma so fat she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
Yo'momma so fat she has to use hoola-hoops to hold her socks up.
Yo'momma so fat she hides her goiter with her chin.
Yo'momma so fat she hoola-hooped the super bowl.
Yo'momma so fat she influences the tides.
Yo'momma so fat she jumped for joy and got stuck.
Yo'momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck!
Yo'momma so fat she keeps her diagphram in a pizza box!
Yo'momma so fat she looks like a kangaroo with all the kids home.
Yo'momma so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen!
Yo'momma so fat she needs a bookmark to find her chin.
Yo'momma so fat she needs a boomerang to put a scarf on.
Yo'momma so fat she on both sides of the family!
Yo'momma so fat she plays pool with the planets.
Yo'momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller.
Yo'momma so fat she rocked herself to sleep trying to get up.
Yo'momma so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar!
Yo'momma so fat she runs on Diesel!
Yo'momma so fat she sat on a face at Mt. Rushmore and covered it!
Yo'momma so fat she sat on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo'momma so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo'momma so fat she shaves her legs with a lawn mower.
Yo'momma so fat she shows up on radar.
Yo'momma so fat she sits on coal and farts out a diamond.
Yo'momma so fat she stands in two time zones.
Yo'momma so fat she stepped on a dime and picked up two nickles.
Yo'momma so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made skidmarks!
Yo'momma so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo'momma so fat she steps on a scale and it goes: One at a time please.
Yo'momma so fat she takes baths in swimming pools.
Yo'momma so fat she thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand.
Yo'momma so fat she thinks Church's Chicken's a holy place.
Yo'momma so fat she thought gravy was a beverage.
Yo'momma so fat she uses a mattress as a maxi-pad.
Yo'momma so fat she uses a pillow case as a sock.
Yo'momma so fat she uses a satellite dish as a diaphragm.
Yo'momma so fat she uses redwoods to pick her teeth.
Yo'momma so fat she uses sheep for tampons.
Yo'momma so fat she uses the freeway as a Slip n' Slide!
Yo'momma so fat she wakes up in sections!
Yo'momma so fat she was baptised in the ocean.
Yo'momma so fat she was baptized at Marine World.
Yo'momma so fat she was born on the 4th, 5th and 6th of March!
Yo'momma so fat she was Miss Arizona - class Battleship.
Yo'momma so fat she was mistaken for God's bowling ball!
Yo'momma so fat she was zoned for commercial development.
Yo'momma so fat she wears a microwave for a beeper!
Yo'momma so fat she wears two watches because she's in two time zones!
Yo'momma so fat she went to "Butter Fat High" School.
Yo'momma so fat she went to the beach and sold shade!
Yo'momma so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone.
Yo'momma so fat she went to the salad bar and pulled up a chair.
Yo'momma so fat she won "Miss Bessie the Cow 95."
Yo'momma so fat she works in the movies - as the screen.
Yo'momma so fat that her senior pictures had to be arial views!
Yo'momma so fat that she cant tie her own shoes.
Yo'momma so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo'momma so fat that when she cuts herself, she bleeds cottage cheese.
Yo'momma so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips!
Yo'momma so fat that whenever she burps, your dinner is ready.
Yo'momma so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her.
Yo'momma so fat the airline charges her round trip for each flight.
Yo'momma so fat the animals at the zoo feed her.
Yo'momma so fat the bitch went to Kuwait to light a fag.
Yo'momma so fat the elastic in her underwear is used for bungee jumping.
Yo'momma so fat the highway patrol made her wear Caution! Wide Turn!
Yo'momma so fat the Himalayas are practice runs.
Yo'momma so fat the scale read, "Forget it."
Yo'momma so fat the zoo elephants started throwing her peanuts!
Yo'momma so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo'momma so fat they invented super extra strength ultra SlimFast.
Yo'momma so fat they mistake her for a country.
Yo'momma so fat they use her eyelashes as wickets.
Yo'momma so fat they used her pussy as the Channel Tunnel.
Yo'momma so fat to her "light food" means under 4 Tons.
Yo'momma so fat to lose a few pounds she takes off her girdle.
Yo'momma so fat when a cop saw her he told her: Hey you two break it up!
Yo'momma so fat when her beeper goes off people think she's backing up.
Yo'momma so fat when I got on top of her my ears popped.
Yo'momma so fat when she back up she beep.
Yo'momma so fat when she bungee jumps she brings down the bridge too.
Yo'momma so fat when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo'momma so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo'momma so fat when she falls it measures on the Richter scale!
Yo'momma so fat when she fell in love she broke it!
Yo'momma so fat when she fell over an' cut herself - gravy ran out.
Yo'momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says: To be continued.
Yo'momma so fat when she has sex she has to give directions!
Yo'momma so fat when she hoola-hoops, she looks like Saturn.
Yo'momma so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
Yo'momma so fat when she lays down stunt men try to jump over her.
Yo'momma so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
Yo'momma so fat when she moons people they turn into Werewolves.
Yo'momma so fat when she moves the moon follows her.
Yo'momma so fat when she puts her foot down she clears rain forests.
Yo'momma so fat when she sings, it's over, it IS over!!
Yo'momma so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo'momma so fat when she steps on a scale it read one at a time, please.
Yo'momma so fat when she sweats everyone around her wears raincoats!
Yo'momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave she landed on 12th.
Yo'momma so fat when she turns around it's her birthday.
Yo'momma so fat when she walks in high heels she strikes oil.
Yo'momma so fat when she walks she leaves snail tracks.
Yo'momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi!"
Yo'momma so fat when she wears her X jacket, helicopters land on her.
Yo'momma so fat when she wears red all the kids scream Kool Aid!
Yo'momma so fat when she's pissed, it looks like a tornado is coming.
Yo'momma so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop!
Yo'momma so fat when you put her in a jacuzzi she makes her own gravy!
Yo'momma so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo'momma so fat you can slap her thighs and ride the waves in!
Yo'momma so fat you can't tell if she is coming or going.
Yo'momma so fat you have to roll over twice to get off of her.
Yo'momma so fat your family portrait has stretch marks.
Yo'momma so flat she's jealous of the wall!
Yo'momma so funky she puts ice in her panties to keep the crabs fresh!
Yo'momma so funky she slowed down speed stick.
Yo'momma so funky she sweats Black Flag!
Yo'momma so funky she used Secret and it told on her!
Yo'momma so funky when she goes for a walk cats follow her.
Yo'momma so generous she'd give you the hair off her back!
Yo'momma so generous that she would give all her money to a bum.
Yo'momma so greasy she sweats Crisco!
Yo'momma so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid!
Yo'momma so greasy Texaco buys oil from her.
Yo'momma so hairy Bigfoot takes pictures of her!
Yo'momma so hairy her momma almost died of rug burn at birth!
Yo'momma so hairy she beats her chest after sex.
Yo'momma so hairy she got afros on her nipples!
Yo'momma so hairy she look like she got Buchwheat in a headlock.
Yo'momma so hairy she looks like a Chia Pet with an afro!
Yo'momma so hairy she played in Gorillas In The Mist.
Yo'momma so hairy she shaves with a weed whacker.
Yo'momma so hairy she uses a lawn mower to shave her armpits.
Yo'momma so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!
Yo'momma so lightheaded when she jumps out the window she flies UP!
Yo'momma so nasty her Sure deodorant is now confused!
Yo'momma so nasty lice consider her a great vacation place.
Yo'momma so nasty Ozzie Ozbourne refused to bite her head off.
Yo'momma so nasty she brings crabs to the beach.
Yo'momma so nasty she gets drunk at communion.
Yo'momma so nasty she gets sour dough yeast infections.
Yo'momma so nasty she has to creep up on bath water.
Yo'momma so nasty she has two pussys and they both stink.
Yo'momma so nasty she made right guard turn left.
Yo'momma so nasty she made speed stick slow down.
Yo'momma so nasty she put on Secret deoderant and it told on her.
Yo'momma so nasty she uses drano to douche.
Yo'momma so nasty she was quarantined before she was born.
Yo'momma so nasty she went swimming and now we have the Dead Sea.
Yo'momma so nasty skunks run from her.
Yo'momma so nasty sometimes people mistake her for a fishing boat.
Yo'momma so nasty that her sh*t is glad to escape.
Yo'momma so nasty the fishery be paying her to leave.
Yo'momma so nasty they sell her crabs at the fish market.
Yo'momma so nasty when she goes for a walk cats follow her.
Yo'momma so nasty when yo'daddy ate her pussy he got food poisoning.
Yo'momma so nice she'd give me the hair off her back!
Yo'momma so old and stupid she knew the Virgin Mary when she was 10.
Yo'momma so old even God calls her momma!
Yo'momma so old God said let there be light and she flipped the switch.
Yo'momma so old her ass is a cave for Indians.
Yo'momma so old her birth certificate expired!
Yo'momma so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals.
Yo'momma so old her birthday cake is a fire hazard.
Yo'momma so old her social security number is 1!
Yo'momma so old I told her to act her age, and the bitch died.
Yo'momma so old she be older than the wood her peg-leg was made out of.
Yo'momma so old she co-wrote one of the Ten Commandments.
Yo'momma so old she counseled Adam and Eve.
Yo'momma so old she D-J'd the Boston Tea Party!
Yo'momma so old she dreams in black and white.
Yo'momma so old she drove a chariot to high school!
Yo'momma so old she farts dust!
Yo'momma so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
Yo'momma so old she has Jesus and all the disciples in her yearbook.
Yo'momma so old she has Jesus' beeper number!
Yo'momma so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
Yo'momma so old she owes Jesus 3 bucks!
Yo'momma so old she played kick-ball with Jesus!
Yo'momma so old she ran track with dinosaurs.
Yo'momma so old she sat behind Jesus in the third grade.
Yo'momma so old she sh*ts clay tablets.
Yo'momma so old she still owes Moses a quarter!
Yo'momma so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
Yo'momma so old she was Jesus' Wet Nurse.
Yo'momma so old she was there for the first day of slavery.
Yo'momma so old she went to Pizza Hut when it was only a teepee.
Yo'momma so old she wrote the foreword to the Bible!
Yo'momma so old she's blind from the Big Bang.
Yo'momma so old when she reads the bible she reminisces!
Yo'momma so old when she was in school there was no history class.
Yo'momma so poor burglars break in her house and leave money.
Yo'momma so poor her face is on the front of a food stamp.
Yo'momma so poor I saw her fighting an ant for food.
Yo'momma so poor Jimmy Swaggart gives HER money.
Yo'momma so poor she bitches about high prices at Goodwill.
Yo'momma so poor she can't afford free cheese!
Yo'momma so poor she can't afford to pay attention!
Yo'momma so poor she catches fire flies for heat.
Yo'momma so poor she considers jail as a fancy hotel.
Yo'momma so poor she goes to KFC to lick other people's fingers!
Yo'momma so poor she married young just to get the rice!
Yo'momma so poor she was kickin' a can, and said she was "moving!"
Yo'momma so poor she went to McDonald's to put a shake on layaway.
Yo'momma so poor she wipes with both sides of the toilet paper.
Yo'momma so poor that Jerry Lewis sends her money.
Yo'momma so poor that when she wrote a check the whole bank bounced!
Yo'momma so poor the Somalians are sending her food.
Yo'momma so poor when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush!
Yo'momma so poor when I ring the doorbell she says DING!
Yo'momma so poor when your family watches TV, they go to Ed Kelley's.
Yo'momma so poor you go out for sunday pushes of the skateboard.
Yo'momma so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo'momma so short she can bungee-jump off a curb!
Yo'momma so short she can play handball on the curb.
Yo'momma so short she does back flips under the bed.
Yo'momma so short she has to slam dunk her change on the bus!!
Yo'momma so short she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
Yo'momma so short she is the original Q-tip.
Yo'momma so short she jumped off a curb and commited suicide.
Yo'momma so short she models for trophies.
Yo'momma so short she plays racquet ball on a curb!
Yo'momma so short she pole vaults with a toothpick.
Yo'momma so short she trips on spit.
Yo'momma so short you can see her feet on her driver's license.
Yo'momma so skank she gets drunk at communion.
Yo'momma so skinny her nipples touch.
Yo'momma so skinny Sally Struthers sends her food!
Yo'momma so skinny she could go hang gliding on a Dorito!
Yo'momma so skinny she could hula-hoop through a Cherrio!
Yo'momma so skinny she could start a Weight Watchers in Ethiopia!
Yo'momma so skinny she got a run in her hose and she fell out.
Yo'momma so skinny she has to run around in the shower to get wet
Yo'momma so skinny she has to wear a belt with spandex.
Yo'momma so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio
Yo'momma so skinny she turned sideways and disappeared.
Yo'momma so skinny she uses a Band-Aid as a maxi-pad.
Yo'momma so skinny she uses suspenders for panties.
Yo'momma so slutty I fucked her and I's a chick!
Yo'momma so slutty John Holmes just looked at her and got AIDS.
Yo'momma so slutty she blind and seeing another man.
Yo'momma so slutty she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch ball!
Yo'momma so slutty she could suck-start a Harley!
Yo'momma so slutty she had her own "Hands across her ass" charity drive.
Yo'momma so slutty she has Trojan written on her gum line.
Yo'momma so slutty she is known as Homecoming Disease.
Yo'momma so slutty she swims after troop ships!
Yo'momma so slutty she wears knee-pads and yells "Curb Service!"
Yo'momma so slutty the bottom of her feet are suntanned.
Yo'momma so slutty whe would bend over backward for YOU.
Yo'momma so small she gotta hang glide on a Dorito.
Yo'momma so smelly that her sh*t is glad to escape.
Yo'momma so stinky she can knock a buzzard off a sh*t wagon!
Yo'momma so stinky she make Right Guard turn left!
Yo'momma so stupid her brain cells are on the endangered species list.
Yo'momma so stupid her brain cells die ALONE!
Yo'momma so stupid I saw her in the frozen food section w/a fishing rod.
Yo'momma so stupid I saw her standing on an empty bus.
Yo'momma so stupid I told her it was chilly outside, she got a spoon.
Yo'momma so stupid it take her a day to cook a 3 minute egg.
Yo'momma so stupid it take her a month to get rid of the 7 day itch.
Yo'momma so stupid it take her a week to get rid of a 24 hour virus.
Yo'momma so stupid it take her two hours to watch 60 Minutes.
Yo'momma so stupid it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
Yo'momma so stupid mind-readers charge her half-price.
Yo'momma so stupid she asked for a price check at the $1.00 store.
Yo'momma so stupid she asked for help to use hamburger helper.
Yo'momma so stupid she asked you: What is the number for 911?
Yo'momma so stupid she be missing a finger and can't count past 9.
Yo'momma so stupid she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
Yo'momma so stupid she called a 7-11 to ask when they closed!
Yo'momma so stupid she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
Yo'momma so stupid she called the cocaine hot line to order some.
Yo'momma so stupid she can't even spell `IQ'.
Yo'momma so stupid she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Yo'momma so stupid she could trip over a cordless phone!
Yo'momma so stupid she couldn't read an audio book.
Yo'momma so stupid she dialed 911 for information.
Yo'momma so stupid she fell on her stomach and broke her back.
Yo'momma so stupid she gets lost in thought.
Yo'momma so stupid she got a bowl when told it was chilly outside.
Yo'momma so stupid she got fired from a blow job!
Yo'momma so stupid she got hit by a cup and told cops she got mugged.
Yo'momma so stupid she got hit by a parked car!
Yo'momma so stupid she got left back in Romper Room.
Yo'momma so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo'momma so stupid she got stabbed in a shoot out.
Yo'momma so stupid she got stuck on the escalator for 3 hours.
Yo'momma so stupid she jumped out the window and went up.
Yo'momma so stupid she puts a ruler by bed to see how long she slept!
Yo'momma so stupid she returned a puzzle complaining it was broken!
Yo'momma so stupid she sat on a window ledge thinking she'd get framed.
Yo'momma so stupid she saw a sign that said Wet Floor so she did!
Yo'momma so stupid she shaves off her hair to wear a toupee.
Yo'momma so stupid she sits on the TV and watches the couch!
Yo'momma so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money!
Yo'momma so stupid she stepped on a crack and broke her own back.
Yo'momma so stupid she stole free bread.
Yo'momma so stupid she think innuendo is an Italian suppository.
Yo'momma so stupid she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
Yo'momma so stupid she thinks manual labor is a Mexican!
Yo'momma so stupid she thinks socialism means partying!
Yo'momma so stupid she thought a beaver dam was a type of tampon.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought a hot meal is stolen food.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought a quarterback was change.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought gangrene was another golf course.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought Lionel Riche was a kid with trians.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought menopause was a button on the stereo.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought O.J. Simpson some kind of fruit juice.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought she needed a token to get on soul Train.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought softball was a venereal disease!
Yo'momma so stupid she thought Taco Bell was a Mexican phone company.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought Taco Bell was where to pay a phone bill.
Yo'momma so stupid she thought the Nazis were saying "Hi! Hitler."
Yo'momma so stupid she took a cup to see Juice.
Yo'momma so stupid she took a job cutting grass offshore.
Yo'momma so stupid she took a spoon to the super bowl.
Yo'momma so stupid she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
Yo'momma so stupid she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Jif.
Yo'momma so stupid she tried to hang her self with a cordless phone.
Yo'momma so stupid she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
Yo'momma so stupid she tripped over a cordless phone!
Yo'momma so stupid she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes.
Yo'momma so stupid she went swimming to a car pool.
Yo'momma so stupid she went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Yo'momma so stupid she went to a gunfight armed with a knife.
Yo'momma so stupid she went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Yo'momma so stupid she went to Alpha Beta and asked to buy a vowel.
Yo'momma so stupid she wrote `M, F, sometimes Wed' under "SEX?"
Yo'momma so stupid that she go hit by a parked car.
Yo'momma so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Yo'momma so stupid that she tried to go swimming in a car pool.
Yo'momma so stupid the bitch bought a glass door with a peep-hole.
Yo'momma so stupid the retarded kids make fun of her.
Yo'momma so stupid when she counts to ten she get stuck at 11.
Yo'momma so stupid when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
Yo'momma so stupid you have to dig for her IQ!
Yo'momma so tall she did a back-flip and kicked Jesus in the mouth.
Yo'momma so tall she did a cart wheel and kicked God in the chin.
Yo'momma so tall she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida.
Yo'momma so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
Yo'momma so toothless it takes her an hour to eat minute rice!
Yo'momma so ugly a fly wouldn't sit on her.
Yo'momma so ugly Dairy Queen doesn't even treat her right.
Yo'momma so ugly even ALIEN face huggers run away from her!
Yo'momma so ugly even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo'momma so ugly everytime I see her I get a soft-on.
Yo'momma so ugly for Halloween she trick or treats on the phone!
Yo'momma so ugly her dentist treats her by mail!
Yo'momma so ugly her doctor is a Vet.
Yo'momma so ugly her face is closed on weekends!
Yo'momma so ugly her face is like a melted willy.
Yo'momma so ugly her momma had to be drunk to breast feed her.
Yo'momma so ugly her momma had to feed her with a sling shot.
Yo'momma so ugly her nickname is Damn!
Yo'momma so ugly her teeth look like dice.
Yo'momma so ugly her vibrator turned limp!
Yo'momma so ugly I heard that your dad first met her at the pound.
Yo'momma so ugly I wouldn't |=/////> her with a stolen dick.
Yo'momma so ugly I've seen cow pies I'd rather do it with.
Yo'momma so ugly if she joined an ugly contest they'd say: Sorry, no.
Yo'momma so ugly if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects!
Yo'momma so ugly it looks like she sleeps on a bed of nails face down!
Yo'momma so ugly people go as her for Halloween.
Yo'momma so ugly she can turn Madusa to stone.
Yo'momma so ugly she could curdle urine.
Yo'momma so ugly she could gag a maggot on a gutwagon.
Yo'momma so ugly she could make a freight train take a gravel road.
Yo'momma so ugly she could scare a dog off a meat truck.
Yo'momma so ugly she could scare a hungry wolf off a meat truck.
Yo'momma so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Yo'momma so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
Yo'momma so ugly she enlisted in the Cavalry, and they shoed her.
Yo'momma so ugly she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Yo'momma so ugly she gives Freddy Krueger nightmares!
Yo'momma so ugly she had a face that would sink a thousand ships.
Yo'momma so ugly she had to get her baby drunk to breast feed it!
Yo'momma so ugly she had to sneak up on a glass of water.
Yo'momma so ugly she had to wear two bags in case one breaks.
Yo'momma so ugly she has to get her vibrator drunk first.
Yo'momma so ugly she has to pay a rapist for sex.
Yo'momma so ugly she has to sneak up on a hurricane to catch a breeze.
Yo'momma so ugly she has to sneak up on her mirror.
Yo'momma so ugly she is very successful at her job: Being a scarecrow.
Yo'momma so ugly she just got a job at the airport sniffing for drugs.
Yo'momma so ugly she looks like a bulldog licking piss off a thistle.
Yo'momma so ugly she looks like she's been bobbing for French fries!
Yo'momma so ugly she looks like the elephant man chewing on a wasp.
Yo'momma so ugly she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo'momma so ugly she loses to Jabba the Hutt in a beauty contest!
Yo'momma so ugly she made a happy meal cry.
Yo'momma so ugly she made an onion cry.
Yo'momma so ugly she make a freight train take a dirt road.
Yo'momma so ugly she make my ass pucker.
Yo'momma so ugly she makes *YOU* look good!
Yo'momma so ugly she practices birth control by leaving the lights on!
Yo'momma so ugly she puts on her makeup in the dark!
Yo'momma so ugly she scare a buzzard off a gut wagon.
Yo'momma so ugly she scares the roaches away.
Yo'momma so ugly she the cover girl for iodine.
Yo'momma so ugly she tried to take a bath and the water jumped out.
Yo'momma so ugly she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo'momma so ugly she uglier than a mudpie fence.
Yo'momma so ugly she walked past a mirror and it exploded.
Yo'momma so ugly she won't even play with herself!
Yo'momma so ugly she wore a pork chop to get the dog to play.
Yo'momma so ugly Ted Dansen wouldn't date her!
Yo'momma so ugly that her doctor treats her by mail.
Yo'momma so ugly that she makes the Ugly Duckling look beautiful!
Yo'momma so ugly the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo'momma so ugly the NHL banned her for life.
Yo'momma so ugly the psychiatrist makes her lie face down.
Yo'momma so ugly the tide won't even take her out!
Yo'momma so ugly they changed her name to DAAAAAAAAAMN.
Yo'momma so ugly they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower.
Yo'momma so ugly they only wanted her feet for the freak show.
Yo'momma so ugly they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints.
Yo'momma so ugly they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo'momma so ugly they put her in dough and made monster cookies!
Yo'momma so ugly they threw her away and kept the after birth!
Yo'momma so ugly they used her in prisons to cure sex offenders!!
Yo'momma so ugly when a baby, she was breast fed through a straw!
Yo'momma so ugly when a child, she had to be fed with a slingshot!
Yo'momma so ugly when I first saw her, my momma was nauseous.
Yo'momma so ugly when she cries the tears run up her face.
Yo'momma so ugly when she goes to the beach the tide won't come in!
Yo'momma so ugly when she sits in the sand the cat tries to bury her.
Yo'momma so ugly when she walk by the bathroom the toilet flushes.
Yo'momma so ugly when she walk into a bank they turn the cameras off!
Yo'momma so ugly when she was born her incubator windows were tinted.
Yo'momma so ugly when she was born the doctor slapped her momma!
Yo'momma so ugly when she went to jump in the lake the lake jumped back!
Yo'momma so ugly yo'daddy rather kiss her ass than look in her face.
Yo'momma so ugly you could tell the face only 'cuz it had ears.
Yo'momma so ugly zookeepers said thanks for bringin' the bitch back!
Yo'momma so weak she had to fight the current in the bath tub.
Yo'momma so weak she had to fight the wind in the Metronome.
Yo'momma so white she makes albinos look dark.
Yo'momma so white when she lies in the snow naked she disappears.
Yo'momma so wrinkled she has to screw her hat on.
Yo'momma stinks so bad she uses lysol for perfume.
Yo'momma such a wonderful person & we are blessed that God created her.
Yo'momma teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.
Yo'momma teeth are so yellow, she spits butter!
Yo'momma teeth are so yellow, traffic slows down when she smiles!
Yo'momma teeth so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice.
Yo'momma teeth so yellow she can butter a whole loaf of bread!
Yo'momma teeth so yellow she can see in the dark!
Yo'momma teeth so yellow when she close her mouth her stomach lights up.
Yo'momma teeth so yellow when she yawns traffic slows down!
Yo'momma thighs are so big she needs hula hoops to hold up her socks.
Yo'momma threw a frisbee three weeks ago that hasn't landed yet.
Yo'momma throat so tough she could gargle peanut butter!
Yo'momma twice the man you are.
Yo'momma was in church with a tee-shirt on that said "WHO FARTED?"
Yo'momma waves around a pop sickle stick and calls it air conditioning.